"summary"
"1","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"2","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"3","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"4","Hershey’s Advanced Analytics group provides insights and recommendations that impact multiple facets of the business – from Marketing to R&D."
"5","Past Fellows’ projects have focused on improving care and access to benefits for our veterans, re-imagining cancer clinical trials to increase awareness and…"
"6","Ability to break down and understand complex business problems, define a solution and implement it using advanced quantitative methods."
"7","Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS."
"8","Great health, dental and vision benefits."
"9","2+ years professional experience as a data scientist using advanced data analytics techniques, including data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis,…"
"10","Building a full funnel view of the user journey with our analytics stack."
"11","Salary: $75,000.00 to $150,000.00 /year."
"12","Experience working with Javascript and SQL."
"13","In this role you will be building out Machine Learning and NLP capabilities."
"14","The data scientist will take a leading role in improving VPC/CVI’s data processing and analytics work, such as evaluating the quality of data sources and tools,…"
"15","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"16","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"17","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"18","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"19","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"20","A master’s degree in data science, predictive analytics, computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related…"
"21","Utilizing code (Python, R, Scala, SQL etc.) for analyzing data and building statistical and machine learning models and algorithms."
"22","Data Scientists clearly communicate their conclusions to a diverse audience and become experts through Agency-sponsored continuing education, attendance at…"
"23","You will also have the opportunity to innovate with machine learning, computer vision, data visualization, and geospatial data enrichment to enable the rich…"
"24","Opportunity to interact with top level executives in the industry, and get hands on experience in Machine Learning, Data Science, Data Engineering."
"25","No Visa Sponsorship is available for this position."
"26","Business Analytics: 3 years (Required)."
"27","Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign…"
"28","1+ years of experience in machine learning or artificial intelligence with caret, scikit-learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar framework."
"29","Experience scripting and data analysis in R or Python."
"30","Hershey’s Advanced Analytics group provides insights and recommendations that impact multiple facets of the business – from Marketing to R&D."
"31","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"32","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"33","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"34","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"35","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"36","The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from…"
"37","Objective 5: Provide Subject Matter Expertise for team growth, business development activities, and solution strategy development."
"38","As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client's mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform."
"39","Experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, data analysis, mining, and visualization software."
"40","Managing and sifting through health care and life sciences data sets to extract trends and find patterns."
"41","Writing re-usable code in R, Python, Java, Scala, SQL, or other languages, and working to refine it through code review and discussion."
"42","Familiarity with data management and machine learning toolkits, such as tidyverse and dyplr in R and pandas and scikit learn in Python."
"43","Required a bachelor's degree in a related area."
"44","O Work closely with Certification Product Management, Exam Development, and Subject Matter Experts on the Certification Team to create computerized item models…"
"45","A successful applicant will have a strong technical foundation and be passionate about better understanding the game of basketball using advanced statistical…"
"46","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"47","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"48","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"49","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"50","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"51","Hershey’s Advanced Analytics group provides insights and recommendations that impact multiple facets of the business – from Marketing to R&D."
"52","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"53","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"54","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"55","Have some knowledge of Machine learning operations."
"56","Create analytics and machine learning architectures, coding standards, statistical reporting, and data science methodologies."
"57","Graduate degree in analytics, economics, statistics, or relevant area preferred."
"58","For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification…"
"59","Successful candidate will help develop machine learning models in a variety of areas (e.g. image processing), and contribute to various stages of the model…"
"60","3+ years of experience in advanced analytics, data science and statistical modeling (including predictive algorithms, machine learning, time-series, deep…"
"61","Validate and measure the outcomes of health management programs using SAS, R and other tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data."
"62","You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that…"
"63","MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience."
"64","1-2 years work experience using data science techniques, including machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling, text mining and data visualization."
"65","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"66","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"67","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"68","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"69","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"70","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"71","The role is to apply expertise in bioinformatics, machine learning, quantitative data analysis and leadership to develop innovative data science solutions…"
"72","As a Data Scientist Graduate Intern for the CIA, you will work side-by-side with other Data Scientists to organize and interpret data to inform US decision…"
"73","Hands on (not just academic) experience in applying advanced analytics to solve complex business problems."
"74","The EEO is the Law poster is available here and the poster supplement is available here."
"75","The salary and benefits are excellent, while the company cares about its employees."
"76","You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that…"
"77","Proficiency in SQL, R, data visualization tools, GIS, Python."
"78","Paid time off, Health and Dental insurance, Retirement benefits, Flexible schedules."
"79","Ability to synthesize complex information into clear insights and translate those insights into decisions and actions."
"80","Knowledge of R, SQL and Python."
"81","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"82","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"83","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"84","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"85","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"86","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"87","You’ll mentor teammates, write scripts, build descriptive and predictive analytics, and apply current machine learning methods to help senior government…"
"88","Demonstrates proficiency in several areas of data modeling, machine learning algorithms, statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization."
"89","Plan and manage of all aspects of small to medium sized client engagements and discrete segments of larger projects."
"90","Perform statistical analysis such as KPI deep dives, marketing efficiency, behavioral clustering, and customer journey analytics."
"91","Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams."
"92","Successful candidate will help develop machine learning models in a variety of areas (e.g. image processing), and contribute to various stages of the model…"
"93","Responsible for assisting with the development of our state-of-the-art, advanced analytical machine-learning-based software framework that can ingest, structure…"
"94","There is no security clearance requirement but you will be subject to multiple criminal background checks."
"95","Able to perform scientific research, scientific writing and editing, including the writing and editing of project products to established government standards…"
"96","Machine Learning Engineering Interns will develop and test algorithms to solve problems in these areas, working closely with Research Engineers and Research…"
"97","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"98","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"99","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"100","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"101","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"102","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"103","Responsible for assisting with the development of our state-of-the-art, advanced analytical machine-learning-based software framework that can ingest, structure…"
"104","As a Data Scientist at Pandera, you are someone who can do a deep technical dive and communicate effectively with others by partnering with cross-functional…"
"105","Machine Learning Engineering Interns will develop and test algorithms to solve problems in these areas, working closely with Research Engineers and Research…"
"106","Provide subject matter expertise and advisory on data architecture, data management, and business intelligence."
"107","Data Scientist with NLP experience."
"108","Apply data mining, data modeling, natural language processing, and machine learning to extract and analyze information from large structured and unstructured…"
"109","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"110","Experience with causal inference, applied time series modeling or machine learning forecasting applications."
"111","Conduct data entry into the digital foundation in counternarcotics data Artificial Intelligence ( AI), Machine Learning (ML), data mining algorithms,…"
"112","Performing assigned tasks as part of the project team, working together with IT team in overseeing data transfer, performing analysis on data sets, helping the…"
"113","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"114","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"115","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"116","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"117","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"118","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"119","SphereOI Studios is an award winning digital studio that develops data responsive solutions with deep analytics and artificial intelligence."
"120","5+ years’ experience in data science, especially in machine learning, software engineering, and leadership."
"121","As a Data Scientist Undergraduate Intern for the CIA, you will work side-by-side with other Data Scientists to organize and interpret data to inform US decision…"
"122","Advanced knowledge of statistical modeling and/or machine learning methods."
"123","Keep up-to-date with the newest developments in data science and machine learning."
"124","As a data scientist for Rose, candidates will be aggregating data."
"125","Reviews gaps in data; researches and recommends the adaptation of relevant datasets, research methods, and/or software tools to better perform data analytics…"
"126","Stay current on modern trends and advances in data mining technology."
"127","Master’s degree in data science, health science, or public health-related field and relevant experience managing large datasets and relational databases."
"128","Ph.D. in machine learning, statistics, applied mathematics or other relevant technical field."
"129","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"130","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"131","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"132","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"133","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"134","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"135","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"136","Data Scientist with NLP experience."
"137","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"138","Assign and review tasks, mentor junior architects, manage performance feedback, and create development plans consistent with performing the role of team leader…"
"139","Master’s degree in data science, health science, or public health-related field and relevant experience managing large datasets and relational databases."
"140","Data Scientist duties will typically be focused on the customer’s business analytics, metrics collection, and analysis efforts to assist the customer’s…"
"141","An interim Secret clearance is required to begin working onsite with our client, and a Secret clearance must be maintained throughout the project duration."
"142","We are looking for English speakers to join us on a new innovative and interesting job to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition,…"
"143","You have 2 to 5 years relevant applied experience in data science, machine learning, computer vision, or NLP."
"144","Ph.D. in machine learning, statistics, applied mathematics or other relevant technical field."
"145","Developing data analytics models to improve our attribution platform."
"146","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"147","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"148","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"149","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"150","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"151","You have 2 to 5 years relevant applied experience in data science, machine learning, computer vision, or NLP."
"152","Have some knowledge of Machine learning operations."
"153","Strong scientific computing and statistical analysis."
"154","Should be skilled in data visualization and use of graphical applications, including Microsoft Office and Tableau; major data science languages, such as R and…"
"155","Salary: $44.00 to $57.00 /hour."
"156","The Directorate Data and Analytics Officer assists the CISE Assistant Director and Deputy Assistant Director in the formulation of the directorate's scientific…"
"157","Join our team of data scientists and use our database of rich user data to generate insights to guide product development for 300 million learners worldwide."
"158","0-5+ years of relevant experience (appropriate MS/PhD project work acceptable)."
"159","The data scientist will be responsible for translating data into meaningful insights to improve user outcomes and experience, collecting and analyzing data to…"
"160","DataScience with Statistics, data analysis, machine learning, deep learning, mathematics, AI, NLP, neural networks & data engineering."
"161","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"162","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"163","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"164","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"165","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"166","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"167","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"168","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"169","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"170","Excellent organizational, time management, and project planning skills."
"171","PhD in a quantitative field (Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Statistics, Computer Science)."
"172","DataScience with Statistics, data analysis, machine learning, deep learning, mathematics, AI, NLP, neural networks & data engineering."
"173","Implements the solution data model."
"174","Is able to answer defined questions about health system functions/operations/populations using appropriate statistical techniques on available data."
"175","Select and apply appropriate statistical and machine learning techniques to large-scale, high-dimensional data."
"176","A deep understanding of the mathematical fundamentals of machine learning and statistics, with an emphasis on nonparametric, nonlinear methods (e.g., random…"
"177","You will be working through industry research, participate in ongoing education, and apply practical experience while working along the path of becoming a…"
"178","A Data Scientist conducts data analytics, data engineering, data mining, exploratory analysis, predictive analysis, and statistical analysis, and uses…"
"179","Employs extensive and specialized knowledge in data analysis algorithms including: data mining, inferential statistics, mathematical optimization, machine…"
"180","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"181","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"182","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"183","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"184","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"185","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"186","Establish and support analytics innovation, including supporting COTS and SAAS analytics tools."
"187","General Concepts: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Lake, Data Warehouse, Data Visualization, Data Ontology, Business Intelligence, Data Mining, Digital…"
"188","Located at the Microsoft New England Research and Development Center (NERD), the Microsoft AI Development Acceleration Program (MAIDAP) is hiring soon-to-be and…"
"189","The role is to apply expertise in bioinformatics, machine learning, quantitative data analysis and leadership to develop innovative data science solutions…"
"190","You are formally trained in signal processing and machine learning techniques."
"191","Employs extensive and specialized knowledge in data analysis algorithms including: data mining, inferential statistics, mathematical optimization, machine…"
"192","Understanding of Hadoop stack and data analytics tools to exploit massive sets of TransVoyant data (e.g. HDFS, Spark, R, SQL, etc.)."
"193","Implementation of the Machine Learning Project for IFC s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) function."
"194","Demonstrates Proficiency in Machine Learning."
"195","You will be working through industry research, participate in ongoing education, and apply practical experience while working along the path of becoming a…"
"196","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"197","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"198","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"199","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"200","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"201","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"202","The Directorate Data and Analytics Officer assists the CISE Assistant Director and Deputy Assistant Director in the formulation of the directorate's scientific…"
"203","The role is to apply expertise in bioinformatics, machine learning, quantitative data analysis and leadership to develop innovative data science solutions…"
"204","Master's degree in a quantitative field including but not limited to data science, analytics, and statistics and 2-3 years of data science experience or…"
"205","Feature engineering for machine learning models is a real plus."
"206","Identify patterns among large data sets using supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms that are used in predictive and prescriptive analytics."
"207","3+ years of relevant analytics/data science experience in a technology company with at least 1 year working with innovative projects dealing with applications…"
"208","You are formally trained in signal processing and machine learning techniques."
"209","You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and…"
"210","You’ll get the opportunity to design and execute experiments with medical grade reference devices both in-house and with high profile clinical partners around…"
"211","Governance: Follow governance that allows projects and stakeholders to manage overall project performance and manage programme risks within the global nature of…"
"212","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"213","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"214","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"215","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"216","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"217","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"218","3+ year of industry work experience in Python or R, building and implementing statistical models and machine learning models and simulations."
"219","Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset."
"220","Computer Science or Data Analytics Bachelor of Science degree (or equivalent)."
"221","Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of…"
"222","3+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.g SQL, Python, R etc.)."
"223","Governance: Follow governance that allows projects and stakeholders to manage overall project performance and manage programme risks within the global nature of…"
"224","Salary: $0.00 to $1.00 /hour."
"225","Proficiency in BASE SAS, SAS EG, SAS/ACCESS, SAS MACRO PROGRAMMING, SAS STATS, SAS ODS GRAPHICS, SAS Visual Analytics 9.4 (Data preparation, data exploration,…"
"226","Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights that will inform business strategy."
"227","Some industry or research experience with applied mathematical and predictive modeling (statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or simulation)."
"228","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"229","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"230","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"231","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"232","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"233","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"234","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"235","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"236","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"237","» Familiarity with any of Deep Learning, Distributed RF, Generalized Linear Model,K-Mean and naive Bayes."
"238","The Trainee is an entry level position which provides exposure to the health care administrative environment."
"239","Some industry or research experience with applied mathematical and predictive modeling (statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or simulation)."
"240","Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights that will inform business strategy."
"241","Understanding of Hadoop stack and data analytics tools to exploit massive sets of TransVoyant data (e.g. HDFS, Spark, R, SQL, etc.)."
"242","Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data…"
"243","3+ year of industry work experience in Python or R, building and implementing statistical models and machine learning models and simulations."
"244","General Concepts: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Data Lake, Data Warehouse, Data Visualization, Data Ontology, Business Intelligence, Data Mining, Digital…"
"245","Design, develop and implement machine learning and deep learning systems for internal quality analytics application and product development for customer…"
"246","Computer Science or Data Analytics Bachelor of Science degree (or equivalent)."
"247","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"248","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"249","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"250","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"251","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"252","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"253","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"254","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"255","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"256","Build, evaluate, and evolve machine learning models and advanced analytics as new data is available, interpretation accuracy is scored, and usage broaden and…"
"257","Machine Learning: 2 years (Required)."
"258","The primary responsibilities of the Business Analyst include: Elicit business requirements from business users and subject matter experts; Define and document…"
"259","Under the guidance of the Head of Marketing Analytics & Automation, the Data Scientist will lead the development and maintenance of advanced production machine…"
"260","Experience as a Data Scientist or data analytics experience in industry."
"261","The Population Health Data Scientist works with health promotion and policy, communicable disease, environmental health, clinical, and administration staff, as…"
"262","You’ll fine-tune and enhance our analytics tools to achieve higherlevels of predictive accuracy and clinical insights related to drug protocolsand their…"
"263","Deep knowledge of the standard basket of machine learning algorithms (linear regression, logistic regression, random forests, regularization techniques, cross…"
"264","As a Statistician, you provide expert conceptual, programmatic, and technical guidance for the statistical analysis of complex public health and scientific data…"
"265","Statistics & Statistical modeling: Expertise using statistical inference and regression; Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms; Solid understanding…"
"266","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"267","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"268","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"269","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"270","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"271","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"272","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"273","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"274","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"275","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"276","Feature engineering for machine learning models is a real plus."
"277","You will collaborate with the brightest technical minds in building futuristic products, researching groundbreaking concepts, and influencing new ideas to…"
"278","1+ years of experience with experiments, machine learning, deep learning, anomaly detection, predictive analysis, exploratory data analysis, and/or other areas…"
"279","3+ years of relevant analytics/data science experience in a technology company with at least 1 year working with innovative projects dealing with applications…"
"280","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"281","Serve in an internship program geared towards students who have diverse backgrounds and are equipped to solve the complex and multidimensional problems that…"
"282","You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and…"
"283","Please provide a sample mini lesson (3-5 pages) on CCSS 3.NF."
"284","Ph.D. in operations research, applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related quantitative discipline."
"285","This vital role works closely with data scientists and developers to discover insights within massive demographic, TV viewing, and advertising datasets and…"
"286","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"287","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"288","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"289","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"290","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"291","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"292","Experience with custom dashboards using R, Tableau and similar software packages a plus."
"293","You’ll fine-tune and enhance our analytics tools to achieve higherlevels of predictive accuracy and clinical insights related to drug protocolsand their…"
"294","This vital role works closely with data scientists and developers to discover insights within massive demographic, TV viewing, and advertising datasets and…"
"295","Experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: SAS, SQL, SPSS, R, Python, ACP, IDEA Tableau,…"
"296","Plus to have: SAS, R / Python programming, Data Science - AI / ML, Big data (Hadoop) Behavioral Proficiency:"
"297","Join our team of data scientists and use our database of rich user data to generate insights to guide product development for 300 million learners worldwide."
"298","Our ideal candidate will have mid to senior level skills as a Data Scientist with a proven project portfolio creating commercial machine learning solutions."
"299","The ideal candidate will have experience in developing natural language processing and understanding systems in different contexts such as information retrieval…"
"300","The Data Scientist will be responsible for validating incoming data, facilitating creation of reports, aiding advanced Data Scientists in analytics, making sure…"
"301","Keep up-to-date with current trends in text mining, natural language processing, machine learning and data visualization."
"302","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"303","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"304","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"305","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"306","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"307","Proficiency in basic machine learning methods including clustering, classification, pattern mining, deep learning, text mining, time series analysis, and…"
"308","A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, doing analysis, discovering root causes, and designing long-term solutions."
"309","Our total rewards includes thrift and retirement plans, generous paid time off, health and wellness benefits, insurance to protect you and your loved ones, work…"
"310","P refe r e n c e w ill be g i v e n to th o se w ho have proven experience working with complex administrative datasets and who have e x p er i e n c e w o r…"
"311","Be a champion for the company's analytics efforts both inside and outside of the organization, promoting collaboration and communication through business unit…"
"312","3+ years of relevant experience in building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems."
"313","Ph.D. in operations research, applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related quantitative discipline."
"314","Candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models,…"
"315","Own process validation studies as required and manage the project through to closure per timelines."
"316","The Opportunity: We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist with exceptional product sense to develop machine learning and deep learning models and…"
"317","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"318","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"319","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"320","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"321","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"322","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"323","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"324","Proficiency in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Java, or a similar language, as applied to programming access and manipulation of data."
"325","Be a champion for the company's analytics efforts both inside and outside of the organization, promoting collaboration and communication through business unit…"
"326","Extensive background in either computational neuroscience, image analysis, computer vision, or machine learning is preferred."
"327","Salary: $50.00 to $55.00 /hour."
"328","A master's degree in data science, predictive analytics, computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related…"
"329","Experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: SAS, SQL, SPSS, R, Python, ACP, IDEA Tableau,…"
"330","The professional in this role will support development and commercialization of new or reformulated products by providing guidance and support to scientific…"
"331","T he su c c e ss f ul ca ndid a t e w ill h a ve e x p er tise in a ll a sp ec ts of the re s e arc h d e si g n, m e thods, a nd e v a lu a tion of r e s e a…"
"332","Work in conjunction with industry-leading Cloud computing technologists and develop machine learning, data mining, and statistical and graph-based algorithms…"
"333","A deep understanding of the mathematical fundamentals of machine learning and statistics, with an emphasis on nonparametric, nonlinear methods (e.g., random…"
"334","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"335","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"336","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"337","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"338","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"339","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"340","Some experience and or project course work performing data analysis and applying statistics working with tools such as: Excel, R, MATLAB, AMPL, or SAS."
"341","Leveraging machine learning models that track real-time data, monitor trends and predict hiring behavior, we're able to help companies grow their teams with…"
"342","Strong analytics skills, able to assess business need, define an analytic solution, and execute using analytics that range from excel tables - to small-scale…"
"343","Refining and petrochemicals process technologies and controls."
"344","Minimum 3 years relevant professional experience."
"345","Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies such as machine learning/supervised and unsupervised techniques, segmentation, mix and…"
"346","A deep understanding of the mathematical fundamentals of machine learning and statistics, with an emphasis on nonparametric, nonlinear methods (e.g., random…"
"347","The involvement in adjacent areas like insights & visualization, data engineering or software engineering will depend on the experience and seniority level of…"
"348","We are looking for Data Scientist."
"349","Knowledge of data engineering and data science with machine learning a plus."
"350","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"351","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"352","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"353","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"354","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"355","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"356","Machine learning engineers develop high impact solutions, with scientists and other engineers to solve complex problems, invent and prototype new technology."
"357","Participates with a team of data scientists on advanced analytics projects with guidance from more senior team members."
"358","As a Statistician, you provide expert conceptual, programmatic, and technical guidance for the statistical analysis of complex public health and scientific data…"
"359","As a specialist on machine learning techniques, the Jr. data scientist will also develop and apply machine learning methods in projects across USCS."
"360","Proficiency in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Java, or a similar language, as applied to programming access and manipulation of data."
"361","Tensorflow- Machine Learning Framework."
"362","May demonstrate basic project management skills by acting as a project lead on small, well defined project."
"363","Experience developing with SQL Server, implementing Data Models, Microsoft Business Intelligence (BI) solutions, reporting dashboards, Self-Service BI and Power…"
"364","Hershey’s Advanced Analytics group provides insights and recommendations that impact multiple facets of the business – from Marketing to R&D."
"365","Areas of expertise should include several of the following: applied statistics, text mining, natural language processing, deep learning, optimization, and other…"
"366","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"367","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"368","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"369","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"370","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"371","Prior working experience in design and developing analysis techniques that uncovers patterns, trends and anomalies in large scale data using regression analysis…"
"372","Prepare scientific reports and other documents, and present and convey scientific information at meetings and conferences."
"373","The professional in this role will support development and commercialization of new or reformulated products by providing guidance and support to scientific…"
"374","Deep experience in building statistical and machine learning models to detect anomalies and extract trends from metrics data - preferably at high volumes in…"
"375","Advance our capabilities for how statistics and machine learning should be used in analyzing digital trends, CRM data and quantitative research."
"376","The product will sell directly to Fortune 500 CEOs and full risk populations, integrating layers of analytics, digital, concierge services, behavioral health,…"
"377","• Advanced skill levels with deep learning and machine learning algorithms, statistical modeling and regression analysis, open-source frameworks (e.g Scikit…"
"378","Experience with machine learning (Scikit Learn, Tensor Flow, H20), data mining, regressions, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS."
"379","The data science and analytics group has core competencies in exploratory & predicative analytics, leveraging state-of-the-art tools and platforms using…"
"380","Our scientists conduct analysis in a collaborative environment that frequently brings together the expertise of decision-makers, analysts, agents, investigators…"
"381","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"382","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"383","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"384","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"385","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"386","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"387","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"388","Experience creating ETL processes and working with a variety of databases."
"389","Experienced in working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modelling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and…"
"390","A wide range of quantitative analytics/data science methods."
"391","The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways…"
"392","The Data Scientist will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to…"
"393","This position will lead a technical team with an industry leading partner that uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets…"
"394","Maintain scientific journal reference manager programs; coordinate a variety of reports related to scientific journal requests."
"395","Candidates must currently be seeking a graduate degree in data science, statistics, quantitative psychology, education science, public health, or a related…"
"396","We help clients to ensure product safety and quality with easy-to-use yet robust testing solutions that satisfy regulatory requirements, support critical…"
"397","You will be responsible for helping to solve complex problems faced by our leadership and management by providing scalable analytics and insights of our people…"
"398","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"399","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"400","Build smart systems that learn from health intervention outcomes, clinical programs over time."
"401","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"402","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"403","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"404","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"405","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"406","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"407","Highly experience with machine learning and deep learning methods."
"408","2+ years of experience creating KPI dashboards and analytics and is able to tell compelling data-based stories."
"409","Demonstrated ability to build long-term relationships with stakeholders at senior levels, understand relevant scientific/business challenges at a deep level and…"
"410","You will collaborate with the brightest technical minds in building futuristic products, researching groundbreaking concepts, and influencing new ideas to…"
"411","Knowledge of the full data mining steps from data preparation, modelling, visualization and interpretation."
"412","Evaluate, monitor, and report performance against plans to ensure guidelines meet appropriate procedures and policies."
"413","Some of the technical projects you will work on include: training advanced machine learning models at scale in distributed environments, influencing next…"
"414","You are enthusiastic and passionate about solving complex health monitoring systems using statistical analysis and/or machine learning techniques."
"415","2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports."
"416","Establish and support analytics innovation, including supporting COTS and SAAS analytics tools."
"417","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"418","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"419","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"420","Provide input to NHCS project staff and the opioid project’s research analyst (‘Research Analyst (s)’) on any known or identified NLP algorithms, NLP methods,…"
"421","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"422","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"423","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"424","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"425","In this role, you will apply modern machine and deep learning approaches to import, clean, transform and model data that supports our nation's core intelligence…"
"426","3+ years experience in data science or machine learning."
"427","Specialized experience is experience which is directly related to the position which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and…"
"428","Develop scripts for running and testing the algorithms and analytics, using programs such as Databricks, Python, and Jupyter Notebook."
"429","Work collaboratively with business stakeholders, software engineers, actuaries, data engineers, and others on a variety of applied statistics projects."
"430","Our Platform team develops all distributed and big data systems and applications to efficiently run 1Thread's data management, and analytics."
"431","Engage someone from the Boulder/Denver area."
"432","Understanding of ML: Neural Networks, Linear regression, supervised and unsupervised learning i.e different models."
"433","Required: Bachelor's degree or above from a Department of Education accredited college and 10 years relevant experience or equivalent Experienced in ITIL and…"
"434","Keep informed of trends and developments in area of scientific responsibility and improve competence by participating in educational activities."
"435","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"436","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"437","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"438","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"439","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"440","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"441","They will be working with Operations Team to streamline the process of Building Machine Learning Models."
"442","Knowledge of machine learning and neural networks, as they are applied to the cooperative and autonomous driving problem, and communications network…"
"443","MEDAL is hiring a BioMedical Data Scientist to analyze relevant patient health information and public knowledge sources."
"444","Develop machine learning models to better detect digital threats and surface interesting data to our customers."
"445","Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and…"
"446","Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL…"
"447","This project aims to utilise data science capabilities to improve strategic decision making during mineral prospecting."
"448","Implement different machine learning techniques: Generalized Linear and Non- Linear models, Time Series Analysis, Random Forest, Gradient Boosted Machines, Text…"
"449","Competitive salary; Stock options; Health benefits: medical, vision, and dental; Paid time off; Life insurance; Short- and long-term disability."
"450","Bachelor's degree and 3 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field…"
"451","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"452","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"453","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"454","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"455","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"456","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"457","You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that…"
"458","Applicants should possess technical skills in one or more of the following areas, as relevant to their proposed project area(s): artificial intelligence, cloud…"
"459","Excellent and proven understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc."
"460","Generate meaningful insights and data visualizations."
"461","The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for modeling complex company problems, discovering company insights and identifying opportunities through the use…"
"462","Develop statistical learning models for relational data analysis to derive insights, trends and patterns."
"463","Working on potential development of machine learning algorithms with time series and dynamic analysis to improve demand forecast and optimize localization and…"
"464","Be a champion for the company's analytics efforts both inside and outside of the organization, promoting collaboration and communication through business unit…"
"465","As a data scientist at Bomoda, you would be directly involved with the product team including computer scientists and data analysts, eliciting information from…"
"466","The Data Scientist, Modeling is a critical position within DSS and in the Data organization who specializes in applying machine learning and statistical methods…"
"467","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"468","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"469","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"470","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"471","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"472","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"473","Build a machine learning model to train software to identify phenotypically defined cell populations of interest to improve efficiency of dissection on the…"
"474","Develop complex statistical models, machine learning algorithms and deep learning networks to answer research questions, identify patterns and trends, reduce…"
"475","This person will be expected to lead and execute both pre-specified and novel analyses based on available data and relevant scientific questions."
"476","Work collaboratively with business stakeholders, software engineers, actuaries, data engineers, and others on a variety of applied statistics projects."
"477","MEDAL is hiring a BioMedical Data Scientist to analyze relevant patient health information and public knowledge sources."
"478","Clinical or scientific background, such as RN, PA, MD, PharmD, or PhD."
"479","Experience providing business insights from data."
"480","Keep informed of trends and developments in area of scientific responsibility and improve competence by participating in educational activities."
"481","As a data scientist at Bomoda, you would be directly involved with the product team including computer scientists and data analysts, eliciting information from…"
"482","Knowledge of machine learning and neural networks, as they are applied to the cooperative and autonomous driving problem, and communications network…"
"483","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"484","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"485","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"486","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"487","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"488","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"489","As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client's mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform."
"490","The ideal candidate will structure data and create the analytics needed to provide insights into our customer domains–ranging from predicting customer demand to…"
"491","Responsibilities: The applicant will be responsible for formulating analytical solutions to complex data problems; creating data analytic models to improve data…"
"492","Proficiency in using languages and query languages such as SQL, Python, C#, C++, R, Hive, Pig."
"493","Clinical or scientific background, such as RN, PA, MD, PharmD, or PhD."
"494","The sponsor seeks a Data Scientist who shall focus on the sponsor's business analytics, metrics collection, and analysis efforts to assist the sponsor's…"
"495","Specialist in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML)."
"496","Experience in machine learning, deep learning, statistical analysis, or social network analysis."
"497","Responsible for scoping, developing, modeling, implementing, and delivering robust data analytics by using Teradata Aster and/or other analytic tools."
"498","Some knowledge of machine learning concepts a plus, but must be able to do analysis and analytics without ML frameworks."
"499","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"500","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"501","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"502","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"503","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"504","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"505","Job Segment: Biotech, Database, Genetics, Scientific, Agricultural, Engineering, Technology, Science, Agriculture."
"506","This position will serve as a member of the Player Health and Safety team within the NFL."
"507","Strategic Agility: Sees ahead clearly; can anticipate future consequences and trends accurately; has broad knowledge and perspective; is future oriented; can…"
"508","Knowledge of SQL, R, python or other similar data science languages strongly encouraged."
"509","Fully covered benefits including health, vision and dental."
"510","Use machine learning techniques, visualizations, & statistical analysis to gain insight into various data sets – some readily available, and some you create and…"
"511","Areas of expertise should include several of the following: applied statistics, text mining, natural language processing, deep learning, optimization, and other…"
"512","Competencies in implementing established as well as new machine learning, text mining and other data science driven solutions on cloud based technologies such…"
"513","Experience working with GPUs to develop deep learning models."
"514","Masters degree or Ph.D. from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics or related fields, with a…"
"515","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"516","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"517","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"518","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"519","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"520","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"521","Some background in unstructured data and machine learning strongly preferred."
"522","Providing subject matter expertise on appropriate advanced analytic techniques (e.g., statistical and supervised or unsupervised machine learning techniques,…"
"523","Extract actionable insights, trends and patterns from our KPIs."
"524","You will use knowledge of machine learning, optimization, statistics, and applied mathematics along with abilities in software engineering with a focus on…"
"525","The ICOA group supports Global Clinical Development Operations by providing analytics and surfacing insights support for all phases of clinical development."
"526","You will work with a team of scientists and engineers with expertise in remote sensing (optical, radar, and passive microwave), hydrology, climate, social…"
"527","Ability to establish and maintain internal and external professional networks including subject matter experts, collectors, and decision makers that are…"
"528","This role will use a powerful blend of business acumen, analytics, mathematics, programming, and modeling to provide strategic recommendations, insights, and…"
"529","In this role, you will perform analytics, segmentation and modeling work; build advanced models to support Ford Motor Credit Company’s risk and sales activities…"
"530","Ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, develop data science approaches, and manage data science tasks."
"531","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"532","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"533","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"534","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"535","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"536","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"537","Our team is at the fore front of building, operating and supporting business systems with machine learning at their core."
"538","Explore the intricacies of a data set to extract insights;"
"539","Contribute to the Advanced Analytics Community of Practice through documenting models and processes and sharing knowledge and research on trends and best…"
"540","Provide statistical programming support for multiple clinical research projects or regulatory submissions."
"541","Monitor, analyze and manage project issue resolutions."
"542","Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams and…"
"543","Build a machine learning model to train software to identify phenotypically defined cell populations of interest to improve efficiency of dissection on the…"
"544","Solid skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods,…"
"545","Minimum of 2-3 years of experience using applying data and advanced analytics tools in a business or academic setting."
"546","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"547","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"548","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"549","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"550","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"551","The data scientist will take a leading role in improving VPC/CVI’s data processing and analytics work, such as evaluating the quality of data sources and tools,…"
"552","Build smart systems that learn from health intervention outcomes, clinical programs over time."
"553","They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using…"
"554","You will work with a team of scientists and engineers with expertise in remote sensing (optical, radar, and passive microwave), hydrology, climate, social…"
"555","The workflow of ATOM is expected to require contributions from multiple scientific disciplines including computational technologies (e.g. supercomputing,…"
"556","Our clients can identify their sickest members before they get sick and connect these members with the health and social support services they need to manage…"
"557","The Center for Data Science at RTI International is seeking an Entry Level Data Scientist with skills in programming, natural language processing, data…"
"558","Work with other data scientists, data engineers, architects, and strategists to help detect cancer, understand population health, detect emotion and extract…"
"559","Minimum of 2-3 years of experience using applying data and advanced analytics tools in a business or academic setting."
"560","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"561","The ideal candidate must have experience in machine learning using R as primary or python as secondary skill."
"562","The Data Scientist will be responsible for building forecasting and insight capabilities and will deploy small statistically-sound and rules-based forecasting…"
"563","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"564","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"565","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"566","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"567","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"568","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"569","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"570","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"571","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"572","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"573","Conduct data analytics project using R and data visualization tools (Tableau or Pentaho Business Intelligence Suite)."
"574","Advanced experience using statistical software application such as SPSS, SAS, and R (Demonstrated through an employment history in academia or other settings…"
"575","Experience using Python, R, Scala, or other scripting languages to automate data retrieval, manipulation, statistical analysis, and data visualization."
"576","MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience."
"577","Write tools to assist in mining data from various Navy and DoD data sources."
"578","Use your experience in analytics tools and scientific thoughtfulness to produce actionable insights."
"579","Experience working with health record data data and clinical informatics professionals highly beneficial."
"580","3-5 years experience with a variety of machine learning / deep learning techniques, including model development and production deployment."
"581","Understand problems from a client's point of view, build and execute solid analytics work plans, gather and organize large and complex data sets, perform…"
"582","5+ years of experience using SQL, SAS, R, Xeno, or similar data query and predictive analytics software."
"583","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"584","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"585","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"586","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"587","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"588","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"589","You have a relevant PhD or Masters degree, and 4+ years of industry experience."
"590","Ideal candidate will have extensive experience with the creation and delivery of advanced analytics solutions for healthcare payers or insurance companies,…"
"591","Experience with healthcare industry (Payer and Provider) data analytics needs and trends."
"592","Build predictive models and complex descriptive analytics, clustering and market-based analysis with the support of data scientists and data analysts."
"593","You are on top of industry trends in big data, machine learning, deep learning, and AI."
"594","For Health Economics and Outcomes Research (HEOR) and Health Policy and System Research (HPSR)."
"595","Interacts significantly with product and account teams, including such business roles as Sales, Operations, Solution Design, Solution Strategists, Finance,…"
"596","Experience with machine learning techniques."
"597","The Data Scientist will bring their experience and skill to the Data Science and Analytics team and contribute wholly or partly in creating scalable data models…"
"598","Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to utilize data and draw insights from large data sets."
"599","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"600","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"601","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"602","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"603","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"604","You will also be involved in the development of machine learning algorithms while working with lab scientists to develop in-house data analysis tools for R&D…"
"605","You have significant experience applying machine learning to real business problems."
"606","You will write code (Python, R, SQL, etc.) for analysing data, and build statistical models to solve specific business problems."
"607","Apply machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, parsing tools and other data science techniques to improve the effectiveness of ESG models."
"608","In addition to a comprehensive and flexible benefits program, our offerings include tuition reimbursement, 401(k) profit sharing, industry-leading health plans,…"
"609","This individual will manage one or more analysts and focus on customer-level advanced analytics for the direct-to-consumer and business-to-business channels."
"610","3+ years experience in SQL as well as transforming data into insights with visualization tools like Tableau or Plotly."
"611","Strong proficiency with MATLAB Statistical and Machine Learning, Analytics Toolboxes."
"612","Proactively play an analytical role within the project for the purpose of identifying trends and evaluating the success of the MMP with available data."
"613","In this position you will be managing projects that use advanced analytics techniques, such as optimization, forecasting, machine learning, predictive analytics…"
"614","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"615","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"616","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"617","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"618","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"619","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"620","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"621","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"622","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"623","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"624","Other machine learning tools are a plus (e.g., H2O, TensorFlow/Keras)."
"625","Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a masters or PhD in statistics, political science, sociology, economics, demography, computational social…"
"626","Job Summary Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements Development of new forms. Job Type: Contract…"
"627","The Personalization team is building the next-generation personalized news experience using custom machine learning technology."
"628","Experience with machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and algorithms for addressing a variety of…"
"629","Implement statistical and data mining techniques e.g hypothesis testing, machine learning and retrieval processes on a large amount of data to identify trends,…"
"630","Data Engineer with at least 3 years of experience of working in ETL based assignments."
"631","The Junior Data Scientist builds advanced analytics solutions in a production environment, draws insights from large or complex data sets to solve business…"
"632","This role requires strong analytical skills in data mining, Natural Language Processing (NLP), machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as:…"
"633","Data Analyst or Data Scientist."
"634","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"635","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"636","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"637","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"638","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"639","Identify trends, correlations, patterns through modelling and provide final report to development team."
"640","Experience in forecasting, predictive modeling, marketing analysis, and qualitative methods of customer, product, and market analytics."
"641","Experience with healthcare industry (Payer and Provider) data analytics needs and trends."
"642","The Data Scientist will apply machine learning and statistical techniques to clinical, administrative, biological, and wearable device data to create immense…"
"643","This individual will manage one or more analysts and focus on customer-level advanced analytics for the direct-to-consumer and business-to-business channels."
"644","As such, the only consistent research component of this position will revolve around establishing a pattern of delivery that allows the team to implement full…"
"645","Decision Science contains both data scientists and software engineers responsible for creating and implementing state of the art machine learning algorithms for…"
"646","Expertise in machine learning and deep-learning libraries such as Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and Apache Spark MLlib."
"647","Required - 3 years of experience using machine learning."
"648","Assist in the leadership of day to day project execution, including client deliverables, status updates, and project management."
"649","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"650","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"651","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"652","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"653","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"654","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"655","Collect raw data from various sources as required by project needs."
"656","Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision…"
"657","Possess 3-5 years with subject matter expertise in the health sciences with preferred experience working with biometrics data, clinical data, survey data,…"
"658","Demonstrates proficiency in most areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and in-depth…"
"659","Ability to work and think independently and manage a project to successful completion."
"660","They should have experience with programing languages, designing and executing machine learning models and applications."
"661","Bachelor’s Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD."
"662","You have 3+ years of professional experience in data science, analytics, research, consulting or other meaningful fieldsYou are comfortable analyzing large…"
"663","Knowledge of data mining and machine learning algorithms, models and technologies."
"664","Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms."
"665","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"666","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"667","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"668","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"669","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"670","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"671","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"672","Apply machine learning technologies to build statistical models with large amounts of data."
"673","Ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, develop data science approaches, and manage data science tasks."
"674","Feature engineering, building and optimizing classifiers, applying machine learning and deep learning expertise."
"675","2+ years of Machine Learning experience including black box and bespoke solutions."
"676","Synthesize analysis and research findings into consumer insights to help guide business plans and strategies."
"677","A data scientist will develop machine learning, data mining, statistical and graph-based algorithms to analyze and make sense of datasets; prototype or consider…"
"678","Familiarity with Linux, SQL and/or Shiny is desirable."
"679","Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms."
"680","This individual will be working with cutting-edge technologies using predictive analytics and machine learning to enhance our company’s automation and drive…"
"681","*Leverage enterprise business intelligence tools, including SQL, statistical programming tools such as R / Python, and other tools to develop advanced reporting…"
"682","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"683","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"684","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"685","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"686","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"687","Pandas (library used in Python to create rectangular data sets)."
"688","Synthesize analysis and research findings into consumer insights to help guide business plans and strategies."
"689","Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, probabilistic…"
"690","A data scientist will develop machine learning, data mining, statistical and graph-based algorithms to analyze and make sense of datasets; prototype or consider…"
"691","The person will work with big data from growers and other resources, conduct data QC and exploring analysis, build descriptive and predictive models from…"
"692","Our innovative engineers and machine learning scientists sit at the intersection of two vast data sources - our systems process billions of ad impressions daily…"
"693","Collaborates with data visualization engineers and designers to make sure dashboards and other."
"694","BS or MS degree in a relevant quantitative area such as, but not limited to, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Finance,…"
"695","Required - 3 years of experience using machine learning."
"696","Applying deep learning techniques to large datasets through GPU-accelerated processing."
"697","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"698","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"699","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"700","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"701","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"702","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"703","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"704","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"705","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"706","The Data Scientist will be responsible for validating incoming data, facilitating creation of reports, aiding advanced Data Scientists in analytics, making sure…"
"707","You have a deep understanding of and have applied various machine learning techniques for solving real-world problems."
"708","Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms."
"709","Collect raw data from various sources as required by project needs."
"710","Experience with data visualization tools, R, Excel, SAS, Jupyter Notebooks, D3, etc."
"711","Applying deep learning techniques to large datasets through GPU-accelerated processing."
"712","Ability to build and interpret complex linear regression models, with machine learning experience a plus."
"713","Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, MatLab, etc;"
"714","Designing and implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modeling, machine learning algorithms, text mining, web analytics, etc."
"715","You’re a relevance engineer, applied data scientist, or machine-learning engineer who wants to work on exciting algorithmic and deep infrastructure issues to…"
"716","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"717","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"718","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"719","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"720","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"721","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"722","Generate data-driven insights to help guide client decision-making."
"723","Pandas (library used in Python to create rectangular data sets)."
"724","Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, probabilistic…"
"725","We translate research to practice by applying our models to domains of clinical informatics, population informatics and precision medicine through comprehensive…"
"726","Having hands-on experience on advanced analytics concepts and algorithms (e.g. Regression analysis Logistic Regression/Decision Tree, Monte Carlo methods,…"
"727","Work cross-functionally with developers and data scientists to identify and address analytics tracking, tooling, attribution modeling, and infrastructure…"
"728","They should have experience with programing languages, designing and executing machine learning models and applications."
"729","Top notch health, dental, and vision insurance."
"730","3-5 years of relevant quantitative and qualitative research and analytics experience."
"731","Advanced degree in a field related to data science."
"732","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"733","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"734","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"735","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"736","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"737","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"738","Considerable knowledge to analyze large data sets to identify trends using Machine Learning, statistical, quantitative and qualitative techniques."
"739","2+ years of experience applying Analytics and Data Science."
"740","Ph.D. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research, or Ph.D. in related scientific or technical field (Math, Engineering, Economics,…"
"741","Thorough (Expert) or working (Senior) knowledge of Python and some of the following software / tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C / C++, Git, Bash, Tableau,…"
"742","Experience designing and training supervised machine learning models, using both classical ML and contemporary deep learning approaches, on complex, multimodal…"
"743","Use machine learning techniques, visualizations, & statistical analysis to gain insight into various data sets – some readily available, and some you create and…"
"744","You will augment the capabilities of the team with data science expertise and will drive the analytics activities from inception to deployment, while working…"
"745","In this capacity you will represent C3.ai as a technical expert and help our team to frame problems, choose appropriate machine learning algorithms, and…"
"746","How we use tools like Python, SQL, and R to analyze, visualize, and present data."
"747","The Machine Intelligence and Exploitation Department applies data analytics, machine learning, and statistical analysis to diverse data types in order to…"
"748","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"749","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"750","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"751","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"752","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"753","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"754","BS or MS degree in a relevant quantitative area such as, but not limited to, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Finance,…"
"755","Machine Learning experience, including supervised machine learning, decision trees, logistic regression, etc."
"756","Refine machine data from our internal databases."
"757","This person will utilize their experience in analytics, IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances to create value from structured and…"
"758","Bachelor's Degree in Math, Statistics or other relevant field, +5 years’ relevant work experience; or Master’s Degree, +2 years’ relevant business experience."
"759","Design experiments and formulate machine learning problems to address major business challenges and innovation opportunities."
"760","Bachelor’s Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD."
"761","AcornAI’s Value Discovery solutions help clinical trial sponsors make better inferences."
"762","Interact with external clinical resources to ensure models are consistent with best clinical practice."
"763","The data scientist will work with the team to research existing tools (specifically Entrofy selection method workflows), interview community members (as part of…"
"764","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"765","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"766","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"767","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"768","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"769","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"770","Create data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends and derive insights from large data…"
"771","Experience with R or Python and comfort with databases."
"772","Experience with international affairs; relevant language skills include: Python, HTML/CSS, SQL, Spark, R, JavaScript, Julia, Elm; relevant experience with:…"
"773","Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages…"
"774","Data mining methods, database structures, and analytic information extraction and visualization experience."
"775","As a subject matter expert, this individual will drive the strategy and execution to manage data and enable authorized users to leverage consistent sets of…"
"776","3 -5 years of experience in advanced statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models, customer profiling, segmentation analysis survey design and…"
"777","Interested in working for a well-established, Primary Care Medical Group that offers a wide variety of clinical services?"
"778","Master's/PhD (preferred) or Bachelor's (required) in CS/ML/AI or relevant computational/engineering discipline."
"779","You have a deep understanding of and have applied various machine learning techniques for solving real-world problems."
"780","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"781","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"782","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"783","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"784","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"785","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"786","Develops data clean-up and transformation scripts (using SQL or Python) to understand, cleanse, and model data for analysis and visualization and support the…"
"787","Do original research on machine learning models and algorithms, working with closely with research scientists."
"788","Analytics - Familiarity with common advanced analysis tools - SQL, Python, R, SAS are preferred."
"789","Practical experience with SQL Server, ETL, data processing, database programming, linear / nonlinear optimization and data analytics."
"790","Intuit is hiring a Staff Data scientist to focus on our Consumer Tax Group."
"791","We are seeking a highly motivated data scientist to work with our interdisciplinary team of clinicians, scientists, software engineers and bioinformaticians to…"
"792","System Engineering - Modelling and Simulation Electrical Engineering - Signal Processing - RF Design - Analog Circuits - Hardware Design Computer Engineering -…"
"793","As a data scientist on the Valence Media Data team, this individual will design and execute end-to-end data science solutions within a cloud-based analytic…"
"794","The person will work with big data from growers and other resources, conduct data QC and exploring analysis, build descriptive and predictive models from…"
"795","Enthusiastic about advanced analytics and how predictive insights lead to a superior customer experience."
"796","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"797","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"798","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"799","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"800","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"801","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"802","Experience with international affairs; relevant language skills include: Python, HTML/CSS, SQL, Spark, R, JavaScript, Julia, Elm; relevant experience with:…"
"803","Experienced in working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modelling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and…"
"804","Create data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends and derive insights from large data…"
"805","Experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: SAS, SQL, SPSS, R, Python, ACP, IDEA Tableau,…"
"806","While this role will focus on writing clean, efficient SQL and building Python applications near term, the opportunity exists to work with machine learning and…"
"807","Experience with Data science tools R, Jupyter."
"808","Apply technical knowledge to architect solutions that meet business and IT needs, create enterprise development roadmaps, and ensure long term technical…"
"809","7+ years of experience with data analytics and management consulting, including machine learning (ML), model development, statistics, data visualization, data…"
"810","Interested in working for a well-established, Primary Care Medical Group that offers a wide variety of clinical services?"
"811","Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining,…"
"812","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"813","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"814","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"815","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"816","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"817","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"818","DDC will work with all funded and “pending 1” phase 2 and phase 3 clinical study teams to help them to think outside the box, to leverage various data sources…"
"819","We are looking for accomplished Fresh Graduates / colleagues with 1-2 years of experience, track record of project management, and demonstrated ability to…"
"820","Select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques such as random forests, xgboost, TensorFlow, linear regression, time series…"
"821","Bachelor’s Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD."
"822","This role provides the opportunity to leverage experience in multiple facets of data science - from developing data models to delivering visualizations that…"
"823","Create metrics to quantify risks/gaps specific to each AI solution and define thresholds after consulting with all stakeholders."
"824","We're looking to fill multiple positions with outstanding applied scientists and engineers who want to use analytics and signal processing to understand and…"
"825","You will help the team continue to advance the work being done with machine learning predictive models and will be responsible for drawing insights from large,…"
"826","You will research, develop, and apply statistical and machine learning model workflows and tools such as Argo and Kubeflow Pipelines to build, train, and test…"
"827","Demonstrated experience in deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing, and/or interpretable machine learning."
"828","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"829","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"830","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"831","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"832","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"833","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"834","How we use tools like Python, SQL, and R to analyze, visualize, and present data."
"835","You will be responsible for the data exploration, data discovery, data mining, data analytics and solution implementation for big data projects serving the…"
"836","Our Forensic and Investigations practice provides investigative expertise to analyze events, people, entities and financial data in order to extract relevant…"
"837","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"838","While this role will focus on writing clean, efficient SQL and building Python applications near term, the opportunity exists to work with machine learning and…"
"839","Must have Bach in Comp Sci, Stats, Mathematics, Econometrics, rel Engineering, or other rel quantitative discipline or Business Analytics, Informatics, or other…"
"840","7+ years of experience with data analytics and management consulting, including machine learning (ML), model development, statistics, data visualization, data…"
"841","Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc."
"842","Position Description . Minimum Qualifications . Additional Preferred Qualifications Company Summary What started small, with a single discount store and…"
"843","Brings clinical insights to inform predictive models: is comfortable reading academic clinically oriented literature and collaborating with clinical subject…"
"844","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"845","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"846","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"847","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"848","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"849","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"850","We translate research to practice by applying our models to domains of clinical informatics, population informatics and precision medicine through comprehensive…"
"851","Experience with industry standard tools for data visualization and machine learning such as OpenCV, SciKit, R, Tensorflow, or others."
"852","SIS is seeking a full-time mathematical statistician to support the CDC’s Division of Health Care Statistics in Hyattsville, MD."
"853","Demonstrated experience performing data assessment, data engineering, modeling and analytics to enable new methodologies for end user analysts, data scientists,…"
"854","Employee's health and dental coverage becomes effective after 30 days or first of the month after an employee completes initial 30 working days, we cover 50%…"
"855","As the data opportunities we face are complex, collaborating effectively with a team on large projects, as well as digging deep individually, will both be key."
"856","Candidate must have relevant skills and expertise in one or more of the following areas:"
"857","2+ years of Machine Learning experience including black box and bespoke solutions."
"858","The team encompasses a variety of Data & Analytics disciplines, from data governance and data strategy/partnerships to reporting, data science and machine…"
"859","Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms."
"860","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"861","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"862","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"863","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"864","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"865","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"866","Insurance companies sit on a trove of data that is both broad and deep, spanning financial claims, clinical medical records, and rich product interaction data…"
"867","2+ years of experience with building and deploying machine learning methods such as Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, Neural Network, NLP and…"
"868","The chosen candidate will be responsible for developing all aspects of data mining, predictive analytic, solution development to name a few."
"869","As a Data Scientist, you'll build a breadth of knowledge including distributed systems, predictive analytics, and machine learning."
"870","Having courses or experience in machine learning, data mining, regression, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS is especially desired."
"871","Being part of a team of data scientists."
"872","Build. We apply various machine learning approaches to solve the problems at hand and build solutions."
"873","2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports."
"874","The data scientist will develop machine learning, data mining, statistical and graph-based algorithms to analyze and make sense of data sets; prototype or…"
"875","As a data scientist on the Valence Media Data team, this individual will design and execute end-to-end data science solutions within a cloud-based analytic…"
"876","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"877","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"878","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"879","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"880","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"881","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"882","We are looking for a passionate, skilled and experienced person with deep expertise from clinical data science and with a determination to make a real…"
"883","Candidate must have strong data analysis skills, functional experience with machine learning models, and the ability to effectively communicate findings and…"
"884","You might be setting up automated systems to deploy and maintain the predictive models that send out all of those Capital One direct mail ads every week,…"
"885","Lead key activities or deliverables pertaining to a project workstream, manage team members, plan and prioritize work assignments and propose next steps."
"886","As an Associate Data scientist, you will be tasked with activities to automate visualizations, create and maintain new visualizations/analytics to provide…"
"887","You must have business acumen, and your responsibilities will include project requirements gathering, using analysis to find trends and predictive…"
"888","Analyze large data sets to discover trends, patterns and actionable insights."
"889","Bachelor''s Degree (BA, BS, etc.) in Marketing, Business, or a related field required with Two (2) years of customer analytics experience."
"890","BSc / MSc in deep learning, machine learning or equivalent work experience."
"891","2+ years of experience with building and deploying machine learning methods such as Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, Neural Network, NLP and…"
"892","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"893","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"894","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"895","Build smart systems that learn from health intervention outcomes, clinical programs over time."
"896","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"897","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"898","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"899","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"900","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"901","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"902","Freeport-McMoRan has reviewed the jobs at its various office and operating sites and determined that many of these jobs require employees to perform essential…"
"903","DDC will work with all funded and “pending 1” phase 2 and phase 3 clinical study teams to help them to think outside the box, to leverage various data sources…"
"904","As part of the Enterprise Data team, the Data Scientist supports the development of next-generation data platforms by employing data analytics and various data…"
"905","Data mining methods, database structures, and analytic information extraction and visualization experience."
"906","Our Forensic and Investigations practice provides investigative expertise to analyze events, people, entities and financial data in order to extract relevant…"
"907","5+ years' experience in leading Analytics, Data Science or Engineering functions in internet industry."
"908","As a Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer, you will develop and implement novel statistical / machine learning approaches to real-world, large scale…"
"909","Create metrics to quantify risks/gaps specific to each AI solution and define thresholds after consulting with all stakeholders."
"910","Deploy robust data products and services, as well as enable rich visualization, data exploratory, and machine learning capabilities."
"911","Experience with industry standard tools for data visualization and machine learning such as OpenCV, SciKit, R, Tensorflow, or others."
"912","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"913","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"914","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"915","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"916","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"917","The Analyst will collect, process and analyze large volumes of enterprise performance data, leveraging analytics tools such as Tableau, Oracle Business…"
"918","Working knowledge of SQL and at least one data analysis environment (Python/pandas, R, etc.)."
"919","Demonstrated experience performing data assessment, data engineering, modeling and analytics to enable new methodologies for end user analysts, data scientists,…"
"920","Must-Have Skills: Data Analytics Models, Algorithms and Solutions, Analytics and Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Visualization."
"921","Having courses or experience in machine learning, data mining, regression, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS is especially desired."
"922","Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset."
"923","The group encompasses expertise in data science, machine learning, bioinformatics and NLP, and seeks to develop a highly interdisciplinary environment…"
"924","What is special about this team: The Data Science team supports some of the top initiatives for Amway, primarily through predictive analytics and machine…"
"925","Must have Bach in Comp Sci, Stats, Mathematics, Econometrics, rel Engineering, or other rel quantitative discipline or Business Analytics, Informatics, or other…"
"926","Expertise in data mining, quantitative research techniques and data analytics using R, python or MATLAB."
"927","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"928","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"929","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"930","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"931","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"932","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"933","The Forecasting and Cash Management Analytics Group provides OFP analytical support through the development of quantitative forecast models, maintenance of a…"
"934","Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms."
"935","Train junior scientists and offer counsel to peers."
"936","Demonstrated experience in deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing, and/or interpretable machine learning."
"937","At least one year of industry experience with Master’s or Ph.D. required in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering,…"
"938","Specifically, you will be involved in a broad range of tasks from design and implementation of machine learning and deep learning algorithms, to cloud…"
"939","Utilize machine learning techniques to develop:"
"940","For multiple choice, questions should have 3 reasonable distractors, in addition to the correct answer, as well as explanations for all distractors."
"941","We're looking to fill multiple positions with outstanding applied scientists and engineers who want to use analytics and signal processing to understand and…"
"942","Experience in data science with a focus on marketing analytics, statistical modeling, machine learning, forecasting and optimization."
"943","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"944","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"945","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"946","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"947","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"948","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"949","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"950","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"951","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"952","Tangible output of the programs are payments insights that drive optimization of authorization, chargeback and cost of payments for large merchants – as well as…"
"953","Minimum three (3) years of robust analytical experience (in-depth logistics analytics or corporate finance, for example)."
"954","Familiarity and interest in social scientific and public policy research, as well as applications of data scientific methods to such research, is preferred."
"955","We offer unlimited time off, a competitive health package, and the opportunity to work in a creative, dynamic, and fast-paced office environment."
"956","*Develop subject matter expertise in the HelioCampus data platform and guide stakeholders in the use of the platform to answer strategic institutional questions…"
"957","We partner with employers and health plans focused on improving the quality of life for their employees and plan members."
"958","Experience with machine and statistical learning areas such as classification, regression, clustering and text analysis is a plus."
"959","Shall have a minimum of a Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, or applied mathematics, and demonstrated experience of four (4) years in creating…"
"960","K–2, 3–5, 6–*8, Algebra I, Geometry, Algebra II ."
"961","Implement software solution required for accessing, handling and updating data appropriately."
"962","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"963","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"964","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"965","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"966","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"967","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"968","Design and implement our group approach to machine learning, applied analytics, and data science."
"969","Development of machine learning code using python and machine learning algorithms."
"970","Umiejętność pracy w systemie linux (konsola) / bash / CRON."
"971","As a Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer, you will develop and implement novel statistical / machine learning approaches to real-world, large scale…"
"972","5+ years of experience with data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms."
"973","Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines)."
"974","Knowledge of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.)."
"975","Having courses or experience in machine learning, data mining, regression, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS is especially desired!"
"976","Bachelor''s Degree (BA, BS, etc.) in Marketing, Business, or a related field required with Two (2) years of customer analytics experience."
"977","Advanced skills in: machine learning, natural language processing, text analytics, predictive analytics, data modeling, and entity resolution, Linear Regression…"
"978","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"979","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"980","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"981","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"982","Provide input to NHCS project staff and the opioid project’s research analyst (‘Research Analyst (s)’) on any known or identified NLP algorithms, NLP methods,…"
"983","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"984","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"985","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"986","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"987","Programming skills in R or Python and experience with related machine learning packages."
"988","The team encompasses a variety of Data & Analytics disciplines, from data governance and data strategy/partnerships to reporting, data science and machine…"
"989","Advanced Analytics: Evangelize the adoption of data-driven insights within Controller’s Group by leading the development of advanced analytical methods, mining…"
"990","Experience with scripting such as Python, Bash, and R, data transformation, Graph Databases, or SQL."
"991","Proficiency in at least one of R or Python and their packages for data manipulation, visualization, statistics, and machine learning is required."
"992","S/he will interface internally with Project Scientists and Laboratory Personnel and interact outside of the immediate group with data management and scientists…"
"993","Specific skills/other requirements – Must also possess the following (quantitative experience requirements not applicable to this section): AWS cloud platform;…"
"994","Expert knowledge of SQL (including SQL tuning), T-SQL, and other statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights."
"995","Management of findings and exceptions to Cybersecurity policies – working closely with impacted teams to ensure timely, effective and accurate expression of…"
"996","3-5 years experience with a variety of machine learning / deep learning techniques, including model development and production deployment."
"997","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"998","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"999","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1000","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1001","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1002","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1003","The role will build predictive models, work with clinical experts (e.g. doctors) to translate their subject matter expertise into machine learning models,…"
"1004","The potential candidate must be familiar with ambulatory health care data to include surveys (NHAMS & NAMCS)."
"1005","Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines)."
"1006","Having courses or experience in machine learning, data mining, regression, generalized linear models, experimental design, and/or GIS is especially desired!"
"1007","We partner with employers and health plans focused on improving the quality of life for their employees and plan members."
"1008","Degree in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject."
"1009","Being part of a team of data scientists."
"1010","Minimum of three (3) years of demonstrated, relevant experience in analytics and machine learning."
"1011","You’ll also participate in defining the product roadmap and you’ll manage product development in collaboration with our IT teams."
"1012","Ability to contribute at every stage of analytics product and solution development; i.e., data acquisition, data preprocessing, descriptive and predictive…"
"1013","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1014","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1015","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1016","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1017","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1018","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1019","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1020","Experience in the following is preferred: computer programming, statistics, machine learning, multivariable calculus and linear algebra, data wrangling…"
"1021","Synthesize actionable insights by joining together large data sets from across the company, and applying appropriate analytical techniques."
"1022","Employee's health and dental coverage becomes effective after 30 days or first of the month after an employee completes initial 30 working days, we cover 50%…"
"1023","Design and implement our group approach to machine learning, applied analytics, and data science."
"1024","3 years of experience applying statistical models and Machine Learning techniques for Sales and Marketing in B2B or B2C settings."
"1025","However, data scientists come from a wide range of backgrounds, so consider applying if you have experience doing the following:"
"1026","Bachelors or Masters (preferred) degree in Computer Science, Math or Scientific Computing; Data Analytics, Machine Learning or equivalent experience."
"1027","2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports."
"1028","Perform mathematics, probability models, machine learning, statistical learning, computer programming, data engineering, pattern recognition and learning,…"
"1029","Fluency in Python, C/C++, Linux; Familiarity with PyTorch or TensorFlow, SQL and git."
"1030","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1031","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1032","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"1033","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"1034","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1035","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1036","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1037","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1038","You will be responsible for providing the data and analytics support for enterprise data integration tasks, including ingestion, standardization, enrichment,…"
"1039","The Center for Satellite Applications and Research (STAR) is NOAA's premiere research office for developing the satellite algorithms needed to transform…"
"1040","You pursue insights that provide thoughtful answers to complex problems."
"1041","This role is highly collaborative: the Data Scientist Architect will develop and maintain consultative relationships with key business stakeholders including…"
"1042","Experience with data visualization is a plus."
"1043","These data scientists focus on improving business results through the combination of statistical rigor, data analysis, and fast paced execution with an emphasis…"
"1044","Ticketmaster may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet…"
"1045","Develop and manage analytics deliverables, plan resources, ensure timely delivery, and quantify project benefits."
"1046","Once the THOR GWIM product has reached a level of parity with THOR, in terms of transaction scope and coverage, we would look to this to be involved with…"
"1047","You have worked with a team of engineers and data engineers building machine learning tools in production and at scale."
"1048","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1049","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1050","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1051","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1052","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1053","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1054","Applying machine learning and predictive modeling techniques."
"1055","Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks (TensorFlow, Caffe, etc.), NVIDIA Deep Learning SDK, and/or other deep learning software libraries."
"1056","Programming experience with Python and SQL, ideally in a full-stack machine learning setting."
"1057","Deep algorithmic understanding: You know all the nitty-gritty details of your favorite machine learning algorithms."
"1058","Experience with SQL or SQL analytic functions within RDBMS platforms."
"1059","Previous experience in a data science, data analytics or business analytics role."
"1060","The team encompasses a variety of Data & Analytics disciplines, from data governance and data strategy/partnerships to reporting, data science and machine…"
"1061","The platform gives businesses of all sizes access to hundreds of pre-built automations that combine email marketing, marketing automation, CRM, and machine…"
"1062","Does pushing the envelope with user and entity behavior analytics (UEBA) including developing statistical, stochastic and machine learning models for security…"
"1063","Have applied data science / machine learning in context and have examples to show."
"1064","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1065","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1066","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1067","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1068","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1069","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1070","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1071","You pursue insights that provide thoughtful answers to complex problems."
"1072","Using data science and machine learning related technologies and techniques unlocks value at scale from production to distribution."
"1073","The Connected Vehicles Team within Smart Mobility Analytics in GDIA is seeking a high-potential Analytics Scientist to work on Connected Vehicle data."
"1074","Experience with one or more of the following: SQL, Kafka, Java, Python, Snowflake/Redshift."
"1075","You have worked with a team of engineers and data engineers building machine learning tools in production and at scale."
"1076","Fluency in Python, C/C++, Linux; Familiarity with PyTorch or TensorFlow, SQL and git."
"1077","Apply machine learning and data mining techniques to extract actionable insights from large-scale, high-dimensional data."
"1078","Deep algorithmic understanding: You know all the nitty-gritty details of your favorite machine learning algorithms."
"1079","This role is highly collaborative: the Data Scientist Architect will develop and maintain consultative relationships with key business stakeholders including…"
"1080","Maintain and optimize analytics as needs evolve, and work with multiple internal customers to define models, then train and support your customers to self…"
"1081","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1082","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1083","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1084","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1085","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1086","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1087","3-5 years of database marketing and data mining experience."
"1088","Maintaining and supporting optimization models developed by other data scientists."
"1089","Prototyping data science/machine learning models, then polishing later."
"1090","This team includes engineers, software developers, IT specialists, AI specialists, data scientists and analysts, privacy experts, economists, trainers, and…"
"1091","2-4 years of experience in machine learning, data analytics, or related field."
"1092","Demonstrated proficiency in understanding and applying machine learning algorithms; Python experience preferred."
"1093","Knowledge of at least 2 of the following is required: deep learning, Bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning from semi-structured data,…"
"1094","Writing clean, efficient, and scalable deep learning code for production."
"1095","Your primary responsibilities include the creation and maintenance of an exciting and important collection of advanced analytical solutions involving predictive…"
"1096","These data scientists focus on improving business results through the combination of statistical rigor, data analysis, and fast paced execution with an emphasis…"
"1097","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1098","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1099","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1100","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1101","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1102","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1103","You want to use your statistical, scientific, and engineering training to craft and deploy models to transform one of the most entrenched industries."
"1104","Providing subject matter expertise on appropriate sophisticated analytic techniques (e.g., supervised or unsupervised machine learning techniques, natural…"
"1105","Experience using Python to manipulate data and draw insights from data sets."
"1106","Maintain and optimize analytics as needs evolve, and work with multiple internal customers to define models, then train and support your customers to self…"
"1107","Identifies trends and problems through complex big data analysis."
"1108","Your primary responsibilities include the creation and maintenance of an exciting and important collection of advanced analytical solutions involving predictive…"
"1109","Collect and preprocess data with hands-on work to explore, train or re-train models to solve domain specific problems and provide solution for our products."
"1110","You'll be empowered to mine our data which includes user interactions, activity, and achievements in our wellness product; lifestyle and health status from our…"
"1111","Experience applying Machine Learning techniques and using platforms such as TensorFlow, Python, Pandas, etc."
"1112","Ask relevant questions and build algorithms necessary to find meaningful answers."
"1113","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1114","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1115","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1116","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1117","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1118","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1119","Experience applying data science and machine learning to real-world problems."
"1120","Exposure to analytics tools development foundation (data visualization, end user interface, applications)."
"1121","Effectively report results in both layman's and scientific terms."
"1122","Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning."
"1123","This position reports to the Director of Engineering."
"1124","Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets and provide detailed reporting of findings."
"1125","Develop novel, production-ready machine learning models using our in-house neural network architecture, open source tools, or custom solutions built from…"
"1126","Deliver on engagement milestones by following analytics processes to mitigate risks in data, modeling, validation, and delivery; manage assumptions, and risks,…"
"1127","Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms such as decision forests, logistic regression, k-means clustering, etc."
"1128","You have a proven ability to drive business results with data-based insights and are comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams."
"1129","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1130","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1131","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1132","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1133","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1134","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1135","Advanced degree in physics, applied mathematics, statistics or a related field is preferred."
"1136","Additionally, this position requires strong multitasking skills as the Research Data Scientist may also support data management and analysis needs of…"
"1137","For creating dashboards and delivering insights using visualization tools."
"1138","Demonstrated understanding of clinical care, health outcomes, and medical terminology."
"1139","Compensation includes a bonus package equal to 8% of base salary as well as a strong benefits plan."
"1140","To develop AI solutions for internal processes and products you will: prepare big data, select appropriate statistical and machine learning techniques, build &…"
"1141","Proficiency with analytics tools and programming languages (SAS, R, Python, Java, Spark, Hadoop, Alteryx, SQL); data visualization tools (Tableau, QlikView, and…"
"1142","Zaawansowana znajomość pakietu R i doświadczenie Python."
"1143","Keep up to date with latest technology trends in machine and deep learning and quickly learn about new frameworks/techniques to be used in projects delivery."
"1144","Apply machine learning and data mining techniques to extract actionable insights from large-scale, high-dimensional data."
"1145","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1146","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1147","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1148","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1149","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1150","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1151","The ideal candidate will have significant experience using R, R Shiny, R Markdown, and Python (with a preference for fluency in all) in multiple analytical…"
"1152","All the training material and guidelines provided are available in English only!."
"1153","With significant amounts of pollution going unreported, this work will combine a variety of different inputs, ML algorithms and AI techniques into a single…"
"1154","Programming skills in R or Python and experience with related machine learning packages."
"1155","Reframe newsroom and business goals as machine learning tasks that can provide relevant insights, accurate predictions and optimization."
"1156","HJF provides scientific, technical, and programmatic support services to the BHSAI."
"1157","Reviews proposals, evaluating for technical solution soundness, feasibility, resource estimates, constraints, and operational impacts."
"1158","Experience with programming languages such as SQL, R, Python."
"1159","Machine Learning experience (such as supervised/unsupervised learning, recommendation systems, reinforcement learning, deep learning,time series etc.)."
"1160","Successful candidates must possess a Master's or Ph.D. in Electrical, Chemical, or Mechanical Engineering; Mathematics, Optics, Nano-Engineering, Materials…"
"1161","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1162","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1163","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1164","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1165","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1166","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1167","Translating Demand Forecasting business questions and concerns into specific analytical questions that can be answered with available data using statistical and…"
"1168","Experience with programming languages such as SQL, R, Python."
"1169","Programming skills in R or Python and experience with related machine learning packages."
"1170","Professional experience building predictive models through techniques such as machine learning, collaborative filtering, logistic regression, etc."
"1171","Strong knowledge of analytics and predictive modeling, including experience with statistical models, deep learning, and deploying machine learning models into a…"
"1172","Experience using Python to manipulate data and draw insights from data sets."
"1173","BI, Data Mining, Machine Learning experience."
"1174","For creating dashboards and delivering insights using visualization tools."
"1175","Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, or other quantitative field."
"1176","Additionally, this position requires strong multitasking skills as the Research Data Scientist may also support data management and analysis needs of…"
"1177","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1178","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1179","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1180","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1181","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1182","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1183","Interested? Then learn more about industrial machine learning applications and data analysis for pipeline data in a start-up environment."
"1184","As an end consumer of the data, determine the tracking necessary to enable analytics of our products and features by working closely with product and…"
"1185","The Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer role will have experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (Neural Network, Deep Learning)."
"1186","Fluency in Python or R, or similar analytics and programming languages."
"1187","Bachelors Degree in a STEM subject and 3 years in a relevant field i.e. programming, statistics, data science OR equivalent experience."
"1188","Develop novel, production-ready machine learning models using our in-house neural network architecture, open source tools, or custom solutions built from…"
"1189","Strong knowledge of analytics and predictive modeling, including experience with statistical models, deep learning, and deploying machine learning models into a…"
"1190","Knowledge of at least 2 of the following is required: deep learning, Bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning from semi-structured data,…"
"1191","Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc."
"1192","The candidate should have experience with or interest in scientific software development and management of scientific data in accordance with the FAIR…"
"1193","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1194","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1195","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1196","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1197","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1198","Minimum 3-5 years of experience in the analytics field."
"1199","Develops and prototypes machine learning models that fulfill a business need or value."
"1200","Assist in compute and analyze real estate and economic data by statistical/quantitative formula and model."
"1201","Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning."
"1202","Works closely with Application Engineering, Product Management, and Operational teams in designing, experimenting-with, and implementing machine learning and…"
"1203","Strength Through Diversity Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal. Roles & Responsibilities: Requirements: [BASED ON JOB…"
"1204","Solid background and expertise in at least two of the following areas: advanced signal processing and filter design for embedded and enterprise applications,…"
"1205","Provide clear and actionable insights through data collection, analysis and reporting."
"1206","The manager is looking for someone using web analytics tools or statistical tool R.."
"1207","Document, summarize, and present findings to customers, subject matter experts, and other data scientists."
"1208","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1209","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1210","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1211","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"1212","Provide input to NHCS project staff and the opioid project’s research analyst (‘Research Analyst (s)’) on any known or identified NLP algorithms, NLP methods,…"
"1213","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1214","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1215","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1216","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1217","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1218","You want to use your statistical, scientific, and engineering training to craft and deploy models to transform one of the most entrenched industries."
"1219","With significant amounts of pollution going unreported, this work will combine a variety of different inputs, ML algorithms and AI techniques into a single…"
"1220","Experience applying Machine Learning techniques and using platforms such as TensorFlow, Python, Pandas, etc."
"1221","To develop data analytics models."
"1222","Developing quantitative models, leveraging machine learning and advanced data analysis techniques."
"1223","Familiar with at least one machine learning framework: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, etc."
"1224","Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, and effectively communicate findings and provide…"
"1225","Demonstrated understanding of clinical care, health outcomes, and medical terminology."
"1226","You have experience building predictive statistical and machine learning models, and you can build reproducible backtests for proposed models to demonstrate…"
"1227","The Postdoctoral Research Fellow will join an interdisciplinary and trans-institutional project integrating big geospatial data with qualitative data to model…"
"1228","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1229","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1230","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1231","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1232","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1233","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1234","The Analyst will collect, process and analyze large volumes of enterprise performance data, leveraging analytics tools such as Tableau, Oracle Business…"
"1235","Apply Natural Language Processing capabilities on unstructured data for Topic Modeling, utilized in textual data exploration, feedback insights, voice-of…"
"1236","Experienced R programmer also proficient in other languages important to the ETL data pipeline (e.g. SQL)."
"1237","The scope of the project activity within the Natural Resources Service Area ranges from designing and implementing field studies to complex ecosystem impact…"
"1238","Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline."
"1239","Our Data Science & Machine Learning (DSML) organization’s objective is to help our 60M+ buyers find remarkable goods, and our 2M+ entrepreneurs better run their…"
"1240","Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, or other quantitative field."
"1241","Come join us and develop creative ways to explore, organize, and leverage clinical data to care for kidney patients."
"1242","Experience in applying a broad range of quantitative techniques (statistical modeling, machine learning…) to solve real world problems."
"1243","Title : Data Scientist Machine Leaning specialist."
"1244","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1245","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1246","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1247","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1248","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1249","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1250","Experience in computational geometry, data mining, spatial reasoning, or symbolic Artificial Intelligence methods (Bayesian Belief Networks or Hidden Markov…"
"1251","Our Data Science & Machine Learning (DSML) organization’s objective is to help our 60M+ buyers find remarkable goods, and our 2M+ entrepreneurs better run their…"
"1252","Title : Data Scientist Machine Leaning specialist."
"1253","Experience with algorithm design and implementation including segmentation, classification, registration, and feature detection using conventional image…"
"1254","Successful candidates must possess a Master's or Ph.D. in Electrical, Chemical, or Mechanical Engineering; Mathematics, Optics, Nano-Engineering, Materials…"
"1255","Leverage tools like R, Tableau, PHP, Python, Hadoop & SQL to drive efficient analytics."
"1256","For creating dashboards and delivering insights using visualization tools."
"1257","Additionally, s/he will serve collaboratively with the engineering, project and sales teams to ensure alignment of analytics strategy and business strategy."
"1258","Experienced R programmer also proficient in other languages important to the ETL data pipeline (e.g. SQL)."
"1259","The Analyst will collect, process and analyze large volumes of enterprise performance data, leveraging analytics tools such as Tableau, Oracle Business…"
"1260","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1261","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1262","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1263","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1264","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1265","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1266","Reframe newsroom and business goals as machine learning tasks that can provide relevant insights, accurate predictions and optimization."
"1267","To develop AI solutions for internal processes and products you will: prepare big data, select appropriate statistical and machine learning techniques, build &…"
"1268","As an end consumer of the data, determine the tracking necessary to enable analytics of our products and features by working closely with product and…"
"1269","We are recruiting statistical assistant in New York team."
"1270","Makes independent decisions as it relates to a specific scientific field and solves problems using standard principles, procedures, and techniques for their…"
"1271","Strong project management skills with the ability to oversee and manage small project teams to meet project deliverables inclusive of delegating work, setting…"
"1272","Strong background in statistical analysis, machine learning, and data mining, including regression analysis, classification, predictive modeling, feature…"
"1273","A degree in a quantitative field of study (Statistics, Operation Research, Systems Engineering, Decisions Sciences, Data Science, Computer Science, Physics,…"
"1274","Project Support Services Inc. offers an excellent compensation package including competitive salaries, health care coverage (medical, dental, and vision),…"
"1275","The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast…"
"1276","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1277","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1278","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1279","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1280","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1281","Able to expand skills to learn text analytics and machine learning."
"1282","Use industry technologies, tools, and data mining frameworks for data analytics including data visualization for analyzing, optimizing, developing hypotheses,…"
"1283","Accurate forecasts ensure optimized plans, which reduce the time and cost to get your products to your customers and deliver insights on sales opportunities."
"1284","A degree in a quantitative field of study (Statistics, Operation Research, Systems Engineering, Decisions Sciences, Data Science, Computer Science, Physics,…"
"1285","Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree and no…"
"1286","Applied Memetics LLC is seeking an experienced, motivated Chief Data Scientist to support our VA customer in Chantilly, VA, for the first 185 days of the…"
"1287","Team members will work collaboratively with the Noblis data analytics architects and data scientists to design and implement an offline and near real time…"
"1288","Programming experience, ideally including R, C++ and/or Python."
"1289","The Picarro analytics platform allows customers across the Utility industry to collect data and draw insights on their natural-gas assets, spanning the entire…"
"1290","You have some experience with big data technologies such as Spark and AWS, are able to write efficient SQL, and are proficient in one or more of the following…"
"1291","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1292","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1293","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1294","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"1295","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"1296","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1297","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1298","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1299","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1300","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1301","Makes independent decisions as it relates to a specific scientific field and solves problems using standard principles, procedures, and techniques for their…"
"1302","Developing and implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling, machine learning algorithms, text mining, regression, web analytics…"
"1303","Bachelor’s Degree in Analytics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer and Information Science or Engineering with 3 years of relevant experience."
"1304","Strong project management skills with the ability to oversee and manage small project teams to meet project deliverables inclusive of delegating work, setting…"
"1305","Advanced knowledge of modern statistical and machine learning techniques."
"1306","Master's Degree and 3 years of Engineering, Operations, or Scientific experience."
"1307","Technical hands-on skills in machine learning, deep learning, time series data, statistical algorithms, data mining, and data engineering."
"1308","HJF provides scientific, technical, and programmatic support services to the BHSAI."
"1309","REQUIRED: B.S. or higher in computer science or related technical field; at least seven years’ relevant programming experience; proficiency in at least one…"
"1310","Experience/knowledge in at least one of: Machine Learning/Data Science/AI."
"1311","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1312","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1313","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1314","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1315","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1316","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1317","A Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, etc. or equivalent experience."
"1318","Help identify, recruit, lead, and develop a world-class team of data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers, and artificial intelligence…"
"1319","DST researchers have relevant experience (either in course work, previous job experience, or military experience) in programming, machine learning, model…"
"1320","You’re passionate to work on large datasets to generate knowledge on behaviors and trends and have a diverse interest and skill set covering data analysis,…"
"1321","Experience: At least 3 years of experience in developing technology solutions and machine learning approaches."
"1322","The Data Scientist will collaborate with Principal Investigators (PIs) and Program Directors to use deep learning and machine learning to develop clinical tools…"
"1323","You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product."
"1324","Manage experience with data, including complex queries, exploratory data analysis, data visualization, advanced modeling and communication of applicable…"
"1325","1+ years working with Clinical related data."
"1326","We have different roles where you can contribute such as credit policy, valuations, collections analytics, operations analytics, fraud analytics, sales and…"
"1327","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1328","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1329","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1330","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1331","Create testing strategy and plans for User Acceptance Testing."
"1332","Help identify, recruit, lead, and develop a world-class team of data scientists, data engineers, machine learning engineers, and artificial intelligence…"
"1333","Use industry technologies, tools, and data mining frameworks for data analytics including data visualization for analyzing, optimizing, developing hypotheses,…"
"1334","Team members will work collaboratively with the Noblis data analytics architects and data scientists to design and implement an offline and near real time…"
"1335","College-level coursework related to actuarial science, mathematics, economics, statistics, analytics, data science, healthcare administration, biostatistics,…"
"1336","Experience in applying a broad range of quantitative techniques (statistical modeling, machine learning…) to solve real world problems."
"1337","Strong knowledge of either (a) clinical information analytics domain, having applied NLP and machine learning techniques on unstructured data in EMRs, or (b)…"
"1338","Developing and implementing advanced analytics approaches including statistical modelling, machine learning algorithms, text mining, regression, web analytics…"
"1339","Develop data-driven insights and machine learning models to identify and extract facts from electronic medical records."
"1340","Build complex advanced-level machine learning and advanced analytics models."
"1341","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1342","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1343","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1344","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1345","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1346","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1347","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1348","This role applies business analytics and customer segmentation techniques in any corporate function, e.g. marketing analytics, consumer analytics, operations…"
"1349","Partner with upstream data providers and downstream collaborators to ensure our Sales teams have access to accurate and actionable insights to support their…"
"1350","You will leverage machine-learning algorithms to automate and predict claim outcomes and find new and innovative ways to impact our customers."
"1351","Details of the project and final presentation will be laid out by supervisors at the beginning of the program."
"1352","The Wissee teams are working on developing a new product—an AI-powered knowledge platform providing investors and innovators with real-time and reliable data…"
"1353","Additionally, s/he will serve collaboratively with the engineering, project and sales teams to ensure alignment of analytics strategy and business strategy."
"1354","We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems…"
"1355","Responsible for mining, analyzing, and modeling large structured and unstructured datasets, and applying advanced statistical predictive models and leading…"
"1356","College-level coursework related to actuarial science, mathematics, economics, statistics, analytics, data science, healthcare administration, biostatistics,…"
"1357","Package recommended insights and proposed solution outputs to direct team members to ensure models are well understood."
"1358","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1359","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1360","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1361","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1362","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1363","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1364","Experience: At least 3 years of experience in developing technology solutions and machine learning approaches."
"1365","3+ years of experience in statistical modeling tools (e.g. R, Stata), programming languages (e.g., Python, Scala), and/or pulling and transforming relational…"
"1366","To that end, we build products and services that ensure the appropriate plan of care is understood and expeditiously approved, so that patients and doctors can…"
"1367","DST researchers have relevant experience (either in course work, previous job experience, or military experience) in programming, machine learning, model…"
"1368","Candidate selected will be subject to a government security investigation."
"1369","At least one year professional experience with applying quantitative research (e.g. artificial intelligence) in optimizing human decisions using technology like…"
"1370","Solid technical hands-on skills in machine learning (regression, classification, clustering, dimensionality reduction), deep learning (CNN, RNN/LSTM, GAN), time…"
"1371","Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or other qualitative discipline with specialization and experience in…"
"1372","Build machine learning models in AWS SageMaker and apply state of the art machine learning knowledge to business use cases."
"1373","Translate analytical insights into clear recommendations; identify trends and patterns to inform business decisions and product design."
"1374","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1375","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1376","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1377","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1378","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1379","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1380","Machine Learning foundations such as bias/variance trade-off, regularization, dimension reduction."
"1381","This position requires a data scientist with a deep understanding of Machine Learning techniques and hands-on experience applying them to solve business…"
"1382","Experience in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Proficient in Python and or R, SQL."
"1383","M.S. in Operations Research, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field."
"1384","BAE Systems' F35 Lightning II program has an exciting opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist to develop and deliver functionality using Python, R, Web…"
"1385","Working knowledge of analytical/statistics software (e.g., SPSS, SAS, R, Stata)."
"1386","The Data Scientist Analytics & Insights is a position focusing on applying data science techniques and analytics thinking to fuel the growth of Tapestry brands…"
"1387","Strong grasp of machine learning, data analytics, and data mining techniques."
"1388","Experience in delivering insights through data science, AI or machine learning techniques."
"1389","R&D for product development and innovation (through machine learning, image analysis, NLP, trend analysis, chatbots…)."
"1390","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1391","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1392","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"1393","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"1394","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1395","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1396","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1397","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1398","Strong coder, with experience building models and analyzing data using general machine learning tools and deep learning tools required."
"1399","Will work closely with engineering team to develop and maintain the existing OL analytics platform and to design, implement, and maintain scalable software to…"
"1400","The Expert Data Scientist designs, builds and maintains data ingestion pipelines, data access solutions/ databases, complex analytics and reports/ visualization…"
"1401","We are looking for a mixture between a statistician, scientist, machine learning expert and engineer: someone who has passion for building and improving…"
"1402","This position requires a data scientist with a deep understanding of Machine Learning techniques and hands-on experience applying them to solve business…"
"1403","R&D for product development and innovation (through machine learning, image analysis, NLP, trend analysis, chatbots…)."
"1404","The Data Scientist will collaborate with Principal Investigators (PIs) and Program Directors to use deep learning and machine learning to develop clinical tools…"
"1405","Genworth Mortgage Insurance is looking for motivated and talented individuals with a background in data and analytics to work on insurance focused analytics…"
"1406","Mentorship. Oversee the analyses of junior statisticians and data scientists, and support their professional development."
"1407","This individual will support efforts to bring learnings from appropriate machine learning and deep learning techniques into the name standardization process."
"1408","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1409","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1410","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1411","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1412","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1413","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1414","Responsible for modeling complex enterprise problems, discovering enterprise insights, and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical and machine…"
"1415","Utilize Python or R in data analytics to collect, understand, transform, cleanse, store, and share data in a privacy preserving way."
"1416","A combination of data scientists and machine learning engineers create and deploy AI functionality into software to solve complex problems."
"1417","Translate analytical insights into clear recommendations; identify trends and patterns to inform business decisions and product design."
"1418","As part of the Advanced Analytics group, the Data Scientist works with product managers, data engineers, and other data scientists to develop innovative…"
"1419","We use TDA to unify cutting-edge machine learning approaches into a common framework without the need to write algorithms, queries or models."
"1420","Mentorship. Oversee the analyses of junior statisticians and data scientists, and support their professional development."
"1421","Proactively mining data warehouses to identify trends and patterns and generates insights for business units and senior leadership."
"1422","Extract patterns and actionable insights from data."
"1423","The Postdoctoral Research Fellow will join an interdisciplinary and trans-institutional project integrating big geospatial data with qualitative data to model…"
"1424","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1425","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1426","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1427","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1428","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1429","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1430","Focus on data analytics and machine learning techniques (CNN, RNN, LSTM) and classical machine learning tools (non-linear regression, support vector machines,…"
"1431","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1432","Fostering a culture of data analytics and visualization through sharing of best practices as well as mentorship and training of interested manufacturing staff."
"1433","Demonstrated understanding of developing machine learning and data analytics models and applying them to relevant problems in nuclear nonproliferation."
"1434","30% - Model Development and Deployment: Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights."
"1435","A combination of data scientists and machine learning engineers create and deploy AI functionality into software to solve complex problems."
"1436","Familiarity with machine learning techniques and algorithm analysis."
"1437","Requirements Minimum Requirements: Master’s degree in statistics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, or computer science, plus at least 2 years of…"
"1438","Escalate suspicious cases to investigation unit by providing all relevant information in order to prevent loss to the client and Client."
"1439","This ML data scientist will provide expertise in data analytics and algorithm development supporting the integration and analysis of diverse data sources and…"
"1440","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1441","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1442","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1443","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1444","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1445","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1446","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1447","Build complex advanced-level machine learning and advanced analytics models."
"1448","Build infrastructure for our data warehouse and analytics platform."
"1449","Is able to analyze and pull meaningful insights from both quantitative and qualitative data."
"1450","Strong verbal and written technical communication skills with both scientific and non-scientific audiences."
"1451","Ability to manage daily, weekly, and special project deadlines."
"1452","Genworth Mortgage Insurance is looking for motivated and talented individuals with a background in data and analytics to work on insurance focused analytics…"
"1453","Apply machine learning, data mining, and statistical analysis techniques to large health and consumer data sets to build new products and methodologies."
"1454","Knowledge on machine-learning algorithms such as decision-tree, text mining, Random Forest and Gradient Boosting Model (GBM), is a plus."
"1455","As a Data Scientist, you’ll be applying machine learning and statistical techniques on vast data sets to create and support data-driven products and business…"
"1456","In addition to leading the development of our community, the Associate Data Scientist will be responsible for assisting with the design and development of an…"
"1457","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1458","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1459","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"1460","Provide input to NHCS project staff and the opioid project’s research analyst (‘Research Analyst (s)’) on any known or identified NLP algorithms, NLP methods,…"
"1461","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1462","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1463","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1464","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1465","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1466","Integrate with interdisciplinary research teams and creatively develop/apply modern data science, statistics, and machine learning techniques to advance…"
"1467","Requirements Minimum Requirements: Master’s degree in statistics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, or computer science, plus at least 2 years of…"
"1468","Track record of building and launching Machine Learning models as part of working products."
"1469","Develop data-driven insights and machine learning models to identify and extract facts from electronic medical records."
"1470","Blueshift is looking for bold and self motivated data scientists to join the team."
"1471","Define and deliver on complex analytical deep dives to unlock insights that drive business growth."
"1472","Apply your expertise in Operations Research, Data Science, and Data Mining to develop analytics solutions."
"1473","Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or other qualitative discipline with specialization and experience in…"
"1474","You will help lead the analysis and solution designs of complex analytical supply chain management problems using a variety of methods from Predictive Analytics…"
"1475","Experience with programming and database mining tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, SQL, Python, R, and R Shiny."
"1476","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1477","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1478","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"1479","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"1480","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1481","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1482","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1483","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1484","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1485","Establish and support analytics innovation, including supporting COTS and SAAS analytics tools."
"1486","Develop machine learning algorithms and perform advanced statistical analyses of engineering data to obtain insights into trends and opportunities."
"1487","Salary: $65.00 to $68.00 /hour."
"1488","The WSRI Data Scientist is responsible for developing and implementing leading-edge techniques, such as supervised and unsupervised machine learning, for the…"
"1489","As a data science or analytics intern you could help with data models that drive specific product features and drive insights in support of our consumer…"
"1490","Familiarity with machine learning algorithms."
"1491","Experience in computational geometry, data mining, spatial reasoning, or symbolic Artificial Intelligence methods (Bayesian Belief Networks or Hidden Markov…"
"1492","Serve as a member of, or provide Subject Matter Expertise to, product teams or other organizational structures for the purpose of providing insight to data…"
"1493","Perform development in R, Python, ElasticSearch, Painless, Lucene, machine learning, predictive modeling, SQL, Tableau, SAS, SPSS, statistical tools (Cook's…"
"1494","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1495","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1496","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1497","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1498","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1499","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1500","Partner with upstream data providers and downstream collaborators to ensure our Sales teams have access to accurate and actionable insights to support their…"
"1501","Experience with R/Python and scientific frameworks."
"1502","Planning, developing, and applying cutting-edge machine learning systems and statistical modeling to extract insight from vast amounts of data at scale."
"1503","Bachelor’s Degree plus 6 years of experience in data analytics, or Master’s Degree plus 4 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD plus 1 year of…"
"1504","Serve in the office responsible for the Army's national level marketing efforts."
"1505","Experience of computer programming in data and analytics-oriented languages (Python, R, MATLAB)."
"1506","Package recommended insights and proposed solution outputs to direct team members to ensure models are well understood."
"1507","Experience working in data analysis/statistics/machine learning/scientific computer to address basic research questions; or commensurate achievements."
"1508","Triton Systems Inc is seeking a Data Scientist with an interest in innovative research and development and a desire to create exciting new technologies to…"
"1509","You will help lead the analysis and solution designs of complex analytical supply chain management problems using a variety of methods from Predictive Analytics…"
"1510","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1511","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1512","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1513","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1514","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1515","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1516","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1517","We are looking for people with graduate degrees (MS or PhD) in an analytical field, e.g., Physics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science,…"
"1518","The data scientist will use their machine learning expertise and the Indians proprietary data to develop statistical and machine learning models that support…"
"1519","Experience building Machine Learning solutions at Enterprise scale in the fields of automation, forecasting, natural language processing and Deep Learning."
"1520","This role thus requires a deep expertise in applying statistics and machine learning to real-world problems where data must be gathered, transformed, cleaned,…"
"1521","Intuit is hiring a Senior Data scientist to focus on our Consumer Group."
"1522","Manage time appropriately to meet project and task completion timelines."
"1523","Experience in applying core Machine Learning methodologies: Regression, Classification, Clustering, Decision Trees, Dimensional Reduction, Neural Networks &…"
"1524","Sodexo has a new opening for a Senior Contract Data Analyst position at our office in Gaithersburg, MD."
"1525","Experience of computer programming in data and analytics-oriented languages (Python, R, MATLAB)."
"1526","Familiar with machine learning and analytics libraries (Scikit-learn, MLlib, etc.)."
"1527","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1528","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1529","Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders."
"1530","Bachelor’s Degree in applied mathematics, actuarial science, statistics or related field or equivalent experience with zero to two years of relevant analytical…"
"1531","A solid understanding of data science, advanced statistics, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques are a must."
"1532","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1533","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1534","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1535","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1536","Strong fundamental understanding of various modern machine-learning methods or computational physics/geosciences/chemistry background, along with significant…"
"1537","Details of the project and final presentation will be laid out by supervisors at the beginning of the program."
"1538","5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics."
"1539","The Data Scientist Analytics & Insights is a position focusing on applying data science techniques and analytics thinking to fuel the growth of Tapestry brands…"
"1540","As a BI/Analytics Developer you will apply your skills and experience in the creation of business intelligence analytics tools on various BI/Analytics platforms…"
"1541","You’ll collaborate with McKinsey consultants and with clients, discussing the results constructively in continuous search of the best possible solution."
"1542","Apply machine learning, data mining, and statistical analysis techniques to large health and consumer data sets to build new products and methodologies."
"1543","Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques."
"1544","Experience applying data and analytics to capital markets."
"1545","CACI’s Business and Information Technology Solutions (BITS) Sector is seeking a Data Engineer / Scientist to utilize insightful data to aid in data…"
"1546","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1547","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1548","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1549","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1550","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1551","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1552","Experience building Machine Learning solutions at Enterprise scale in the fields of automation, forecasting, natural language processing and Deep Learning."
"1553","Knowledge of SQL; R and Python would be beneficial."
"1554","Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop…"
"1555","Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision…"
"1556","Be able to critical analyze the data collected, applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems…"
"1557","Build data warehouse for cross-functional teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities."
"1558","Processes and data models that balance human judgment with machine intelligence."
"1559","Performing in or maintaining relational and NoSQL Databases, especially utilizing one or more of the following environments: Data Visualization Tools - Tableau;…"
"1560","Data entry into the digital foundation in counter-narcotics data Artificial Intelligence ( AI), Machine Learning (ML), data mining algorithms, probability…"
"1561","Foundational analytical skills (proven understanding of SQL and experience using Python and/or R) and a Tableau pro."
"1562","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1563","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1564","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1565","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1566","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1567","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1568","Build infrastructure for our data warehouse and analytics platform."
"1569","Have Knowledge of Machine learning (supervised/unsupervised)."
"1570","Extensive experience designing and deploying systems using machine learning techniques (classification, clustering, graph analytics etc) and deep learning…"
"1571","Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights,…"
"1572","Familiarity with machine learning algorithms."
"1573","Able to expand skills to learn text analytics and machine learning."
"1574","SURVICE is currently seeking multiple Data Scientists, at various levels, to support our customer at the Naval Air Systems Command located at the Naval Air…"
"1575","Proficiency (can execute data ingestion to insight) in programmatic language such as SQL, R, Python (Pandas/Scipy/Numpy) OR at the very least, mastery level of…"
"1576","We are currently seeking a CLINICAL DATA SCIENTIST to work in the Boston/Billerica, MA area to help create solution architecture for different datasets."
"1577","We are looking for people with graduate degrees (MS or PhD) in an analytical field, e.g., Physics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science,…"
"1578","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1579","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1580","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1581","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1582","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1583","Our research serves to ensure platform health, increase conversation quality, and grow revenue through collaborations with engineering, product, and business…"
"1584","Performs all activities associated with the design, development, implementation, maintenance, configuration management and quality control of software for…"
"1585","We are looking for someone with a strong Life Sciences clinical data background as well as a Solution architecture background."
"1586","You are on top of industry trends in big data, machine learning, deep learning, and AI."
"1587","Research in IAL focuses on human-machine collaboration, explainable and interactive machine learning, artificial intelligence conversation agents, computer…"
"1588","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1589","For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with…"
"1590","You love solving complex engineering problems, by creating beautiful, and well-tested algorithms."
"1591","Be able to critical analyze the data collected, applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems…"
"1592","Extensive experience designing and deploying systems using machine learning techniques (classification, clustering, graph analytics etc) and deep learning…"
"1593","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1594","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1595","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1596","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1597","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1598","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1599","Deep hands-on knowledge and practical experience developing and operationalizing machine learning models."
"1600","Substantial experience in creating optimization models."
"1601","Extensive background in performing statistical analysis using languages like R, Python, etc., to process data and gain insights from it."
"1602","Apply your expertise in Operations Research, Data Science, and Data Mining to develop analytics solutions."
"1603","Applicants must have US CITIZENSHIP OR US PERMANENT RESIDENCY prior to applying."
"1604","Knowledge of statistics, machine learning, Deep Learning and data mining techniques."
"1605","2,800 Criteo team members partner with over 20,000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels,…"
"1606","Related Bachelor’s degree or additional related equivalent work experience Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.g. specialization: Machine…"
"1607","McDonald’s Is Looking To Hire A Data Scientist Who Has A Deep Understanding Of Advanced Analytics And Big Data."
"1608","In this role, you will apply modeling and machine learning techniques to develop scalable solutions and deliver insights that improve the customer experience…"
"1609","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1610","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1611","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1612","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
"1613","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1614","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1615","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1616","Related Bachelor’s degree or additional related equivalent work experience Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.g. specialization: Machine…"
"1617","Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop…"
"1618","Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights,…"
"1619","You will utilize advanced machine learning and statistical approaches."
"1620","Validating/invalidating, finding the needle in a haystack within a data set, reviewing market research, and running applied math and machine learning tactics on…"
"1621","McDonald’s Is Looking To Hire A Data Scientist Who Has A Deep Understanding Of Advanced Analytics And Big Data."
"1622","Build data warehouse for cross-functional teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities."
"1623","The team will include data engineers, machine learning engineers, operations research / optimization engineers and data journalists."
"1624","Candidate selected will be subject to a government security investigation."
"1625","2,800 Criteo team members partner with over 20,000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels,…"
"1626","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1627","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1628","Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced…"
"1629","Minimum Requirements: * Subject Matter Expert that will provide expertise in Natural Language Processing (NLP) with at least five to seven (5-7) years…"
"1630","With one application you can be considered for thousands of tech roles from leading companies on Seen. Seen by Indeed is a free service that connects you to…"
"1631","Monitor industry trends, including competitor analysis, and provide direction to the product team to ensure the company remains competitive in the Asset…"
"1632","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1633","Machine learning: 3 years (Required)."
"1634","Practical experience with state-of-the-art data mining, statistical modeling, data science, and machine learning techniques and libraries."
"1635","Invisalign clear aligners, iTero Intraoral scanners, and OrthoCAD digital services that help dental professionals achieve the clinical results they expect and…"
"1636","A data scientist will develop machine learning, data mining, statistical and graph-based algorithms to analyze and make sense of data sets; prototype or…"
"1637","Knowledge of statistics, machine learning, Deep Learning and data mining techniques."
"1638","Demonstrated understanding of developing machine learning and data analytics models and applying them to relevant problems in nuclear nonproliferation."
"1639","Working as part of cross functional team, including other data scientists, technology experts, and subject matter experts this individual will help develop data…"
"1640","Experience applying machine learning techniques to sparse data sets."
"1641","Experience applying data and analytics to capital markets."
"1642","Posses a Ph.D. (strongly preferred) or Master’s Degree in operations research, applied statistics, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related…"
"1643","Our Actuarial Analytics and Reinsurance Unit has one Actuarial Analyst opening in our Pleasanton office."
"1644","Coordinate project teams of data scientists and supporting roles, acting as the primary point of contact in delivering end-to-end innovative, high-quality data…"
"1645","Solid understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques such as GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1646","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1647","You will use a variety of tools (including SQL, Python, R, Spark, and shell scripting) in a variety of environments (including various databases, Linux servers,…"
"1648","Scientific computing experience (e.g. R, Matlab, Python, machine learning, etc)."
"1649","Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS."
"1650","And while we prefer someone in the Bay Area, we are open those in the US."
"1651","Rapid prototyping and advanced analytics (e.g. R, MatLab, Pandas, SciPy)."
"1652","Lead key, cross-functional analytical projects, identifying and bringing together stakeholders, building project plans, developing joint analytical approaches,…"
"1653","The data scientist will use their machine learning expertise and the Indians proprietary data to develop statistical and machine learning models that support…"
"1654","Solve key business challenges through leading edge data analytics, predictive modeling and customer insights."
"1655","Scientific or quantitative computing experience (Python, R, Spark)."
"1656","The Data Scientist is responsible for clarifying requirements and transforming data into actionable insights, work on innovative projects, combine expert…"
"1657","Collaborate with other data scientists and engineers to formulate innovative solutions to experiment and implement advanced data mining techniques • Being able…"
"1658","This Data Scientist role will work to expand and enhance the machine learning pipelines that feed predictive insights to Chemours employees, enabling Digital…"
"1659","The Senior Data Science Engineer will work closely with the software engineering team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR and machine learning…"
"1660","Deep understanding and experience with advanced statistics and modern machine learning predictive techniques, including GLMs, decision trees, forests, boosted…"
"1661","Working experience with analytical modeling tools such as R or Python, predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, and AB testing strongly…"
